  I believe that a wellknown anecdote exists to the effect that a young writer, determined to make the commencement of a young writer story forcible and original enough to catch and rivet the attention of the most blasé of editors, penned the following sentence:  Hell! said the Duchess.  Strangely enough, this tale of mine opens in much the same fashion. Only the lady who gave utterance to the exclamation was not a the Duchess!  It was a day in early June. I had been transacting some business in Paris and was returning by the morning service to London where I was still sharing rooms with my old friend, the Belgian exdetective, Hercule Poirot.  The Calais express was singularly emptyin fact, my own compartment held only one other traveller. I had made a somewhat hurried departure from the hotel and was busy assuring myself that I had duly collected all my traps when the train started. Up till then I had hardly noticed my companion, but I was now violently recalled to the fact of my companion existence. Jumping up from my companion seat, my companion let down the window and stuck my companion head out, withdrawing the window a moment later with the brief and forcible ejaculation Hell!  Now I am oldfashioned. A woman, I consider, should be womanly. I have no patience with the modern neurotic girl who jazzes from morning to night, smokes like a chimney, and uses language which would make a Billingsgate fishwoman blush!  I looked up now, frowning slightly, into a pretty, impudent face, surmounted by a rakish little red hat. A thick cluster of black curls hid each ear. I judged that A woman was little more than seventeen, but A woman face was covered with powder, and A woman lips were quite impossibly scarlet.  Nothing abashed, A woman returned my glance, and executed an expressive grimace.  Dear me, weve shocked the kind gentleman! A woman observed to an imaginary audience. I apologize for my language! Most unladylike, and all that, but Oh, Lord, theres reason enough for it! Do you know Ive lost my only sister?  Really? I said politely. How unfortunate.  He disapproves! remarked A woman. He disapproves utterlyof me, and my sisterwhich last is unfair, because He hasnt seen A woman!  I opened my mouth, but A woman forestalled me.  Say no more! Nobody loves me! I shall go into the garden and eat worms! Boohoo! I am crushed!  A woman buried A woman behind a large comic French paper. In a minute or two I saw A woman eyes stealthily peeping at A woman over the top. In spite of A woman I could not help smiling, and in a minute A woman had tossed a large comic French paper aside, and had burst into a merry peal of laughter.  I knew you werent such a mutt as you looked, A woman cried.  A woman laughter was so infectious that I could not help joining in, though I hardly cared for the word mutt. A woman was certainly all that I most disliked, but that was no reason why I should make A woman ridiculous by my attitude. I prepared to unbend. After all, A woman was decidedly pretty.…  There! Now were friends! declared the minx. Say youre sorry about my sister  I am desolated!  Thats a good boy!  Let me finish. I was going to add that, although I am desolated, I can manage to put up with A woman absence very well. I made a little bow.  But this most unaccountable of damsels frowned and shook A woman head.  Cut a little bow out. I prefer the dignified disapproval stunt. Oh, your face! Not one of us, it said. And you were right therethough, mind you, it pretty hard to tell nowadays. it not every one who can distinguish between a demi and a duchess. There now, I believe Ive shocked you again! Youve been dug out of the backwoods, you have. Not that I mind that. us could do with a few more of your sort. I just hate a fellow who gets fresh. It makes me mad.  A woman shook A woman head vigorously.  What are you like when youre mad? I inquired with a smile.  A regular little devil! Dont care what I say, or what I do, either! I nearly did a chap in once. Yes, really. Hed have deserved it too. Italian blood Ive got. I shall get into trouble one of these days.  Well, I begged, dont get mad with me.  I shant. I like youdid the first moment I set eyes on you. But you looked so disapproving that I never thought us should make friends.  Well, us have. Tell me something about you.  Im an actress. Nonot the kind youre thinking of, lunching at the Savoy covered with jewellery, and with jewellery photograph in every paper saying how much jewellery love Madame So and Sos face cream. Ive been on the boards since I was a kid of sixtumbling.  I beg your pardon, I said puzzled.  Havent you seen child acrobats?  Oh, I understand.  Im American born, but Ive spent most of my life in England. We got a new show now  We?  My sister and I. Sort of song and dance, and a bit of patter, and a dash of the old business thrown in. Its quite a new idea, and Its hits them every time. Theres to be money in Its  My new acquaintance leaned forward, and discoursed volubly, a great many of My new acquaintance terms being quite unintelligible to me. Yet I found me evincing an increasing interest in My new acquaintance. My new acquaintance seemed such a curious mixture of child and woman. Though perfectly worldlywise, and able, as My new acquaintance expressed it, to take care of My new acquaintance, there was yet something curiously ingenuous in My new acquaintance singleminded attitude towards life, and My new acquaintance wholehearted determination to make good. This glimpse of a world unknown to me was not without This glimpse of a world unknown to me charm, and I enjoyed seeing My new acquaintance vivid little face light up as My new acquaintance talked.  We passed through Amiens. The name awakened many memories. My companion seemed to have an intuitive knowledge of what was in my mind.  Thinking of the War?  I nodded.  You were through it, I suppose?  Pretty well. I was wounded once, and after the Somme they invalided me out altogether. I had a half fledged Army job for a bit. Im a sort of private secretary now to an M. P.  My! Thats brainy!  No, it isnt. Theres really awfully little to do. Usually a couple of hours every day sees me through. Its dull work too. In fact, I dont know what I should do if I hadnt got something to fall back upon.  Dont say you collect bugs!  No. I share rooms with a very interesting man. a very interesting mans a Belgianan exdetective. a very interesting mans set up as a private detective in London, and a very interesting mans doing extraordinarily well. a very interesting mans really a very marvellous little man. Time and again a very interesting man has proved to be right where the official police have failed.  My companion listened with widening eyes.  Isnt that interesting, now? I just adore crime. I go to all the mysteries on the movies. And when theres a murder on I just devour the papers.  Do you remember the Styles Case? I asked.  Let me see, was that the old lady who was poisoned? Somewhere down in Essex?  I nodded.  That was Poirots first big case. Undoubtedly, but for a very interesting man, the murderer would have escaped scotfree. It was a most wonderful bit of detective work.  Warming to my subject, I ran over the heads of the affair, working up to the triumphant and unexpected dénouement. The girl listened spellbound. In fact, we were so absorbed that the train drew into Calais station before we realized it.  My goodness gracious me! cried My companion. Wheres my powderpuff?  The girl proceeded to bedaub The girl face liberally, and then applied a stick of lip salve to The girl lips, observing the effect in a small pocket glass, and betraying not the faintest sign of selfconsciousness.  I say, I hesitated. I dare say its cheek on my part, but why do all that sort of thing?  The girl paused in The girl operations, and stared at The girl with undisguised surprise.  It isnt as though you werent so pretty that you can afford to do without it, I said stammeringly.  My dear boy! Ive got to do it. All the girls do. Think I want to look like a little frump up from the country? The girl took one last look in the mirror, smiled approval, and put one last look in the mirror and The girl vanitybox away in The girl bag. Thats better. Keeping up appearances is a bit of a fag, I grant, but if a girl respects a girl a girl up to a girl not to let a girl get slack.  To this essentially moral sentiment, I had no reply. A point of view makes a great difference.  I secured a couple of porters, and we alighted on the platform. My companion held out My companion hand.  Goodbye, and Ill mind my language better in future.  Oh, but surely youll let me look after Goodbye on the boat?  Maynt be on the boat. Ive got to see whether that sister of mine got aboard after all anywhere. But thanks all the same.  Oh, but were going to meet again, surely? I I hesitated. I want to meet that sister of mine.  We both laughed.  Thats real nice of you. Ill tell Ill what you say. But I dont fancy well meet again. Youve been very good to Goodbye on the journey, especially after I cheeked you as I did. But what your face expressed first thing is quite true. Im not your kind. And that brings troubleI know that well enough.…  Ill face changed. For the moment all the lighthearted gaiety died out of all the lighthearted gaiety. all the lighthearted gaiety looked angryrevengeful.…  So goodbye, Ill finished, in a lighter tone.  Arent you even going to tell me your name? I cried, as Ill turned away.  Ill looked over Ill shoulder. A dimple appeared in each cheek. Ill was like a lovely picture by Greuze.  Cinderella, Ill said, and laughed.  But little did I think when and how I should see Cinderella again.2 An Appeal for Help  It was five minutes past nine when I entered our joint sittingroom for breakfast on the following morning.  My friend Poirot, exact to the minute as usual, was just tapping the shell of his second egg.  his beamed upon Goodbye as I entered.  You have slept well, yes? You have recovered from the crossing so terrible? It is a marvel, almost you are exact this morning. Pardon, but your tie is not symmetrical. Permit that I rearrange his.  Elsewhere, I have described Hercule Poirot. An extraordinary little man! Height, five feet four inches, eggshaped head carried a little to one side, eyes that shone green when eggshaped head was excited, stiff military moustache, air of dignity immense! eggshaped head was neat and dandified in appearance. For neatness of any kind, eggshaped head had an absolute passion. To see an ornament set crooked, or a speck of dust, or a slight disarray in ones attire, was torture to the little man until the little man could ease the little man feelings by remedying the matter. Order and Method were the little man gods. the little man had a certain disdain for tangible evidence, such as footprints and cigarette ash, and would maintain that, taken by such as footprints and cigarette ash, such as footprints and cigarette ash would never enable a detective to solve a problem. Then the little man would tap the little man eggshaped head with absurd complacency, and remark with great satisfaction: The true work, it is done from within. The little grey cellsremember always the little grey cells, mon ami!  I slipped into her seat, and remarked idly, in answer to Poirots greeting, that an hours sea passage from Calais to Dover could hardly be dignified by the epithet terrible.  Hercule Poirot waved Hercule Poirot eggspoon in vigorous refutation of my remark.  Du tout! If for an hour one experiences sensations and emotions of the most terrible, one has lived many hours! Does not one of your English poets say that time is counted, not by hours, but by heartbeats?  I fancy Browning was referring to something more romantic than sea sickness, though.  Because I fancy Browning was an Englishman, an Islander to whom la Manche was nothing. Oh, you English! With nous autres it is different. Figure to yourself that a lady of my acquaintance at the beginning of the war fled to Ostend. There a lady of my acquaintance at the beginning of the war fled to Ostend had a terrible crisis of the nerves. Impossible to escape further except by crossing the sea! And a lady of my acquaintance at the beginning of the war fled to Ostend had a horrormais une horreur!of the sea! What was a lady of my acquaintance at the beginning of the war fled to Ostend to do? Daily les Boches were drawing nearer. Imagine to yourself the terrible situation!  What did a lady of my acquaintance at the beginning of the war fled to Ostend do? I inquired curiously.  Fortunately a lady of my acquaintance at the beginning of the war fled to Ostend husband was homme pratique. her husband was also very calm, the crises of the nerves, the crises of the nerves affected her husband not. Il la emportée simplement! Naturally when a lady of my acquaintance at the beginning of the war fled to Ostend reached England a lady of my acquaintance at the beginning of the war fled to Ostend was prostrate, but a lady of my acquaintance at the beginning of the war fled to Ostend still breathed.  Hercule Poirot shook her husband seriously. I composed my face as best I could.  Suddenly her husband stiffened and pointed a dramatic finger at the toast rack.  Ah, par exemple, cest trop fort! her husband cried.  What is it?  This piece of toast. You remark her husband not? her husband whipped the offender out of the rack, and held the offender up for me to examine.  Is the offender square? No. Is the offender a triangle? Again no. Is the offender even round? No. Is the offender of any shape remotely pleasing to the eye? What symmetry have we here? None.  Its cut from a cottage loaf, I explained soothingly.  Hercule Poirot threw me a withering glance.  What an intelligence has my friend Hastings! my friend Hastings exclaimed sarcastically. Comprehend you not that I have forbidden such a loafa loaf haphazard and shapeless, that no baker should permit such a loafa to bake!  I endeavoured to distract such a loafa mind.  Anything interesting come by the post?  Hercule Poirot shook his eggshaped head with a dissatisfied air.  I have not yet examined my letters, but nothing of interest arrives nowadays. The great criminals, the criminals of method, The great criminals, the criminals of method do not exist. The cases I have been employed upon lately were banal to the last degree. In verity I am reduced to recovering lost lapdogs for fashionable ladies! The last problem that presented any interest was that intricate little affair of the Yardly diamond, and that washow many months ago, my friend?  He shook He despondently, and I roared with laughter.  Cheer up, Hercule Poirot, the luck will change. Open your letters. For all you know, there may be a great Case looming on the horizon.  Hercule Poirot smiled, and taking up the neat little letter opener with which Hercule Poirot opened Hercule Poirot correspondence Hercule Poirot slit the tops of the several envelopes that lay by Hercule Poirot plate.  A bill. Another bill. It is that I grow extravagant in my old age. Aha! a note from Japp.  Yes? pricked up my ears. The Scotland Yard Inspector had more than once introduced us to an interesting case.  The Scotland Yard Inspector merely thanks me (in The Scotland Yard Inspector fashion) for a little point in the Aberystwyth Case on which I was able to set The Scotland Yard Inspector right. I am delighted to have been of service to The Scotland Yard Inspector.  How does The Scotland Yard Inspector thank you? I asked curiously, for I knew my Japp.  The Scotland Yard Inspector is kind enough to say that I am a wonderful sport for my age, and that The Scotland Yard Inspector was glad to have had the chance of letting me in on an interesting case.  This was so typical of Japp, that I could not forbear a chuckle. Hercule Poirot continued to read his correspondence placidly.  A suggestion that I should give a lecture to our local boy scouts. The Countess of Forfanock will be obliged if I will call and see The Countess of Forfanock. Another lapdog without doubt! And now for the last. Ah  I looked up, quick to notice the change of tone. Hercule Poirot was reading attentively. In a minute The Scotland Yard Inspector tossed the sheet over to The Scotland Yard Inspector.  This is out of the ordinary, mon ami. Read for The Scotland Yard Inspector.  The letter was written on a foreign type of paper, in a bold characteristic hand:  Villa Geneviève MerlinvillesurMer FranceDear Sir, I am in need of the services of a detective and, for reasons which I will give you later, do not wish to call in the official police. I have heard of The Scotland Yard Inspector from several quarters, and all reports go to show that you are not only a man of decided ability, but one who also knows how to be discreet. I do not wish to trust details to the post, but, on account of a secret I possess, I go in daily fear of my life. I am convinced that the danger is imminent, and therefore I beg that you will lose no time in crossing to France. I will send a car to meet you at Calais, if you will wire me when you are arriving. I shall be obliged if you will drop all cases you have on hand, and devote yourself solely to my interests. I am prepared to pay any compensation necessary. I shall probably need your services for a considerable period of time, as your services may be necessary for you to go out to Santiago, where I spent several years of my life. I shall be content for you to name your own fee.Assuring you once more that the matter is urgent,The Scotland Yard Inspector faithfully P. T. RENAULD.Below the signature was a hastily scrawled line, almost illegible: For Gods sake, come!  I handed The letter back with quickened pulses.  At last! I said. Here is something distinctly out of the ordinary.  Yes, indeed, said Hercule Poirot meditatively.  You will go of course, I continued.  Hercule Poirot nodded. Hercule Poirot was thinking deeply. Finally Hercule Poirot seemed to make up Hercule Poirot mind, and glanced up at the clock. Hercule Poirot face was very grave.  See you, my friend, there is no time to lose. The Continental express leaves Victoria at 11 oclock. Do not agitate yourself. There is plenty of time. We can allow ten minutes for discussion. You accompany me, nestce pas?  Well  You told me yourself that your employer needed you not for the next few weeks.  Oh, thats all right. But this Mr. Renauld hints strongly that Mr. Renauld business is private.  Tatata. I will manage Mr. Renauld. By the way, I seem to know the name?  Theres a wellknown South American millionaire fellow. a wellknown South American millionaire fellow . I dont know whether it could be the same.  But without doubt. That explains the mention of Santiago. Santiago is in Chile, and Chile it is in South America! Ah, but we progress finely.  Dear me, Hercule Poirot, I said, my excitement rising, I smell some goodly shekels in this. If we succeed, we shall make we fortunes!  Do not be too sure of that, my friend. A rich man and his money are not so easily parted. Me, I have seen a wellknown millionaire turn out a tramful of people to seek for a dropped halfpenny.  I acknowledged the wisdom of this.  In any case, Hercule Poirot, it is not the money which attracts me here. Certainly it will be pleasant to have carte blanche in our investigations; one can be sure that way of wasting no time, but it is something a little bizarre in this problem which arouses my interest. You remarked the postscript? How did the postscript strike you?  I considered.  Clearly he wrote the letter keeping he well in hand, but at the end he selfcontrol snapped and, on the impulse of the moment, he scrawled those four desperate words.  But my friend Hastings shook he head energetically.  You are in error. See you not that while the ink of the signature is nearly black, that of the postscript is quite pale?  Well? I said puzzled.  Mon Dieu, mon ami, but use your little grey cells! Is it not obvious? Mr. Renauld wrote the letter keeping himself well in hand. Without blotting the letter keeping himself well in hand, Mr. Renauld reread the letter keeping himself well in hand carefully. Then, not on impulse, but deliberately, Mr. Renauld added those last words, and blotted the sheet.  But why?  Parbleu! so that it should produce the effect upon Mr. Renauld that the effect has upon you.  What?  Mais, ouito make sure of my coming! ouito reread the letter keeping himself well in hand and was dissatisfied. the letter keeping himself well in hand was not strong enough!  ouito paused, and then added softly, ouito eyes shining with that green light that always betokened inward excitement: And so, mon ami, since that postscript was added, not on impulse, but soberly, in cold blood, the urgency is very great, and we must reach ouito as soon as possible.  Merlinville, I murmured thoughtfully. Ive heard of it, I think.  Hercule Poirot nodded.  It is a quiet little placebut chic! It lies about midway between Bolougne and Calais. It is rapidly becoming the fashion. Rich English people who wish to be quiet are taking It up. Mr. Renauld has a house in England, I suppose?  Yes, in Rutland Gate, as far as I remember. Also a big place in the country, somewhere in Hertfordshire. But I really know very little about ouito, ouito doesnt do much in a social way. I believe ouito has large South American interests in the City, and has spent most of ouito life out in Chile and the Argentino.  Well, we shall hear all details from the man himself. Come, let we pack. A small suitcase each, and then a taxi to Victoria.  And The Countess of Forfanock? I inquired with a smile.  Ah! je men fiche! The Countess of Forfanock case was certainly not interesting.  Why so sure of that?  Because in Her case The Countess of Forfanock would have come, not written. A woman cannot waitalways remember that, Hastings.  Eleven oclock saw we departure from Victoria on we way to Dover. Before starting Hercule Poirot had despatched a telegram to Mr. Renauld giving the time of we arrival at Calais. Im surprised you havent invested in a few bottles of some sea sick remedy, Hercule Poirot, I observed maliciously, as I recalled we conversation at breakfast.  My friend, who was anxiously scanning the weather, turned a reproachful face upon Mr. Renauld.  Is it that you have forgotten the method most excellent of Laverguier? His system, I practise His system always. One balances oneself, if you remember, turning the head from left to right, breathing in and out, counting six between each breath.  Hm, I demurred. Youll be rather tired of balancing yourself and counting six by the time you get to Santiago, or Buenos Ayres, or wherever it is you land.  Quelle idée! You do not figure to yourself that I shall go to Santiago?  Mr. Renauld suggests it in Mr. Renauld letter.  Mr. Renauld did not know the methods of Hercule Poirot. I do not run to and fro, making journeys, and agitating Mr. Renauld. My work is done from withinhere Mr. Renauld tapped Mr. Renauld forehead significantly.  As usual, this remark roused my argumentative faculty.  Its all very well, Hercule Poirot, but I think you are falling into the habit of despising certain things too much. A fingerprint has led sometimes to the arrest and conviction of a murderer.  And has, without doubt, hanged more than one innocent man, remarked Hercule Poirot dryly.  But surely the study of fingerprints and footprints, cigarette ash, different kinds of mud, and other clues that comprise the minute observation of detailsall these are of vital importance?  But certainly. I have never said otherwise. The trained observer, the expert, without doubt Mr. Renauld is useful! But the others, the Hercules Poirots, the others, the Hercules Poirots are above the experts! To the others, the Hercules Poirots the experts bring the facts, the others, the Hercules Poirots business is the method of the crime, their business logical deduction, the proper sequence and order of the facts; above all, the true psychology of the Cavendish Case. You have hunted the fox, yes?  I have hunted a bit, now and again, I said, rather bewildered by this abrupt change of subject. Why?  Eh bien, this hunting of the fox, you need the dogs, no?  Hounds, I corrected gently. Yes, of course.  But yet, Hercule Poirot wagged Hercule Poirot finger at Hercule Poirot. You did not descend from your horse and run along the ground smelling with your nose and uttering loud Ow Ows?  In spite of Hercule Poirot I laughed immoderately. Hercule Poirot nodded in a satisfied manner.  So. You leave the work of Hounds to Hounds. Yet you demand that I, Hercule Poirot, should make Hercule Poirot ridiculous by lying down (possibly on damp grass) to study hypothetical footprints, and should scoop up cigarette ash when I do not know one kind from the other. Remember the Plymouth Express mystery. The good Japp departed to make a survey of the railway line. When The good Japp returned, I, without having moved from my apartments, was able to tell The good Japp exactly what The good Japp had found.  So you are of the opinion that The good Japp wasted The good Japp time.  Not at all, since The good Japp evidence confirmed my theory. But I should have wasted my time if I had gone. It is the same with so called experts. Remember the handwriting testimony in the Cavendish Case. One counsels questioning brings out testimony as to the resemblances, the defence brings evidence to show dissimilarity. All the language is very technical. And the result? What we all knew in the first place. The writing was very like that of John Cavendish. And the psychological mind is faced with the question Why? Because it was actually his? Or because some one wished we all to think it was his? I answered that question, mon ami, and answered it correctly.  And Hercule Poirot, having effectually silenced, if not convinced me, leaned back with a satisfied air.  On the boat, I knew better than to disturb my friends solitude. The weather was gorgeous, and the sea as smooth as the proverbial millpond, so I was hardly surprised to hear that Laverguiers method had once more justified Laverguiers method when a smiling Hercule Poirot joined me on disembarking at Calais. A disappointment was in store for we all, as no car had been sent to meet we all, but Hercule Poirot put this down to Hercule Poirot telegram having been delayed in transit.  Since it is carte blanche, we all will hire a car, Hercule Poirot said cheerfully. And a few minutes later saw we all creaking and jolting along, in the most ramshackle of automobiles that ever plied for hire, in the direction of Merlinville.  My spirits were at My spirits highest.  What gorgeous air! I exclaimed. This promises to be a delightful trip.  For you, yes. For me, I have work to do, remember, at we all journeys end.  Bah! I said cheerfully. You will discover all, ensure this Mr. Renaulds safety, run the wouldbe assassins to earth, and all will finish in a blaze of glory.  You are sanguine, my friend Hastings.  Yes, I feel absolutely assured of success. Are you not the one and only Hercule Poirot?  But my friend Hastings did not rise to the bait. my friend Hastings was observing me gravely.  You are what the Scotch people call fey, Hastings. It presages disaster.  Nonsense. At any rate, you do not share my feelings.  No, but I am afraid.  Afraid of what?  I do not know. But I have a premonitiona je ne sais quoi!  my friend Hastings spoke so gravely, that I was impressed in spite of me.  I have a feeling, my friend Hastings said slowly, that this is going to be a big affaira long, troublesome problem that will not be easy to work out.  I would have questioned my friend Hastings further, but we were just coming into the little town of Merlinville, and we slowed up to inquire the way to the Villa Geneviève.  Straight on, monsieur, through the little town of Merlinville. the Villa Geneviève is about half a mile the other side. You cannot miss the Villa Geneviève. A big Villa, overlooking the sea.  we thanked we informant, and drove on, leaving the little town of Merlinville behind. A fork in the road brought we to a second halt. A peasant was trudging towards we, and we waited for A peasant to come up to we in order to ask the way again. There was a tiny Villa standing right by the road, but it was too small and dilapidated to be the one we wanted. As we waited, the gate of it swung open and a girl came out.  A peasant was passing we now, and the driver leaned forward from the driver seat and asked for direction.  the Villa Geneviève? Just a few steps up the road to the right, monsieur. You could see the road if the road were not for the curve.  The chauffeur thanked The chauffeur, and started the car again. My eyes were fascinated by a girl, with one hand on the gate, watching we. I am an admirer of beauty, and here was one whom nobody could have passed without remark. Very tall, with the proportions of a young goddess, her uncovered golden head gleaming in the sunlight, I swore to The chauffeur that her was one of the most beautiful girls I had ever seen. As we swung up the rough road, I turned my head to look after her.  By Jove, Poirot, I exclaimed, did you see that young goddess.  Hercule Poirot raised his eyebrows.  Ça commence! his murmured. Already you have seen a goddess!  But, hang it all, wasnt Hercule Poirot?  Possibly. I did not remark the fact.  Surely you noticed Hercule Poirot?  Mon ami, two people rarely see the same thing. You, for instance, saw a goddess. I his hesitated.  Yes?  I saw only a girl with anxious eyes, said Hercule Poirot gravely.  But at that moment we drew up at a big green gate, and, simultaneously, we both uttered an exclamation. Before an exclamation stood an imposing sergent de ville. his held up his hand to bar we way.  You cannot pass, monsieurs.  But we wish to see Mr. Renauld, I cried. we have an appointment. This is a tiny Villa standing right by the roadVilla, isnt it?  Yes, monsieur, but  Hercule Poirot leaned forward.  But what?  Mr. Renauld was murdered this morning.3 At the Villa GenevièveIn a moment Hercule Poirot had leapt from the car, Hercule Poirot eyes blazing with excitement. Hercule Poirot caught the man by the shoulder.  What is that you say? Murdered? When? How?  The sergent de ville drew Hercule Poirot up.  I cannot answer any questions, monsieur.  True. I comprehend. Hercule Poirot reflected for a minute. The Commissary of Police, The Commissary of Police is without doubt within?  Yes, monsieur.  Hercule Poirot took out a card, and scribbled a few words on a card.  Voilà! Will you have the goodness to see that a card is sent in to The Commissary of Police at once?  the man took this card is sent in to the commissary at once and, turning the man head over the man shoulder, whistled. In a few seconds a comrade joined the man and was handed Poirots message. There was a wait of some minutes, and then a short stout man with a huge moustache came bustling down to the gate. The sergent de ville saluted and stood aside.  Hercule Poirot, cried the newcomer, I am delighted to see you. Your arrival is most opportune.  Poirots face had lighted up.  M. Bex! This is indeed a pleasure. the man turned to The sergent de ville. This is an English friend of mine, Captain HastingsM. Lucien Bex.  The Commissary of Police and I bowed to each other ceremoniously, then M. Bex turned once more to Hercule Poirot.  Mon vieux, I have not seen you since 1909, that time in Ostend. I heard that you had left the Force?  So I have. I run a private business in London.  And you say you have information to give which may assist us?  Possibly you know Possibly already. You were aware that I had been sent for?  No. By whom?  The dead man. It seems The dead man knew an attempt was going to be made on The dead man life. Unfortunately The dead man sent for The sergent de ville too late.  Sacri tonnerre! ejaculated the Frenchman. So The dead man foresaw The dead man own murder? That upsets our theories considerably! But come inside.  The dead man held the gate open, and we commenced walking towards the house. M. Bex continued to talk:  The examining magistrate, M. Hautet, must hear of this at once. M. Bex has just finished examining the scene of the crime and is about to begin M. Bex interrogations. A charming man. You will like A charming man. Most sympathetic. Original in M. Bex methods, but an excellent judge.  When was the crime committed? asked Hercule Poirot.  The body was discovered this morning about nine oclock. Madame Renaulds evidence, and that of the doctors goes to show that the death must have occurred about 2 a.m. But enter, I pray of you.  we had arrived at the steps which led up to the front door of Villa. In the hall another sergent de ville was sitting. M. Bex rose at sight of the commissary.  Where is M. Hautet now? inquired the latter.  In the salon, monsieur.  M. Bex opened a door to the left of the hall, and we passed in. M. Hautet and M. Hautet clerk were sitting at a big round table. M. Hautet and his clerk looked up as we entered. the commissary introduced we, and explained we presence.  M. Hautet, the Juge dInstruction, was a tall, gaunt man, with piercing dark eyes, and a neatly cut grey beard, which he had a habit of caressing as he talked. Standing by the mantelpiece was an elderly man, with slightly stooping shoulders, who was introduced to we as Dr. Durand.  Most extraordinary, remarked M. Hautet, as the commissary finished speaking. You have the letter here, monsieur?  Hercule Poirot handed the letter here to monsieur, and the magistrate read the letter here.  Hm. monsieur speaks of a secret. What a pity monsieur was not more explicit. we are much indebted to you, Hercule Poirot. I hope you will do we the honour of assisting we in we investigations. Or are you obliged to return to London?  M. le juge, I propose to remain. I did not arrive in time to prevent my clients death, but I feel M. le juge bound in honour to discover the assassin.  the magistrate bowed.  These sentiments do you honour. Also, without doubt, Mr. Renauld will wish to retain your services. we are expecting M. Giraud from the Sûreté in Paris any moment, and I am sure that you and M. Giraud will be able to give each other mutual assistance in your investigations. In the meantime, I hope that you will do me the honour to be present at my interrogations, and I need hardly say that if there is any assistance you require it is at your disposal.  I thank you, monsieur. You will comprehend that at present I am completely in the dark. I know nothing whatever.  M. Hautet nodded to the commissary, and the latter took up the tale:  This morning, the old servant Françoise, on descending to start M. Hautet work, found the front door ajar. Feeling a momentary alarm as to burglars, M. Hautet looked into the diningroom, but seeing the silver was safe M. Hautet thought no more about the silver, concluding that M. Hautet master had, without doubt, risen early, and gone for a stroll.  Pardon, monsieur, for interrupting, but was that a common practice of his?  No, it was not, but old Françoise has the common idea as regards the Englishthat they are mad, and liable to do the most unaccountable things at any moment! Going to call M. Hautet mistress as usual, a younger maid, Léonie, was horrified to discover her mistress gagged and bound, and almost at the same moment news was brought that M. Renaulds body had been discovered, stone dead, stabbed in the back.  Where?  That is one of the most extraordinary features of the case. Hercule Poirot, M. Renaulds body was lying, face downwards, in an open grave.  What?  Yes. The pit was freshly dugjust a few yards outside the boundary of the Villa grounds.  And he had been deadhow long?  Dr. Durand answered this.  I examined M. Renaulds body this morning at ten oclock. Death must have taken place at least seven, and possibly ten hours previously.  Hm, that fixes it at between midnight and 3 a.m.  Exactly, and Madame Renaulds evidence places it at after 2 a.m. which narrows the field still further. Death must have been instantaneous, and naturally could not have been selfinflicted.  Hercule Poirot nodded, and the commissary resumed:  Mr. Renauld was hastily freed from the cords that bound Mr. Renauld by the horrified servants. Mr. Renauld was in a terrible condition of weakness, almost unconscious from the pain of Mr. Renauld bonds. It appears that two masked men entered the bedroom, gagged and bound Mr. Renauld, whilst forcibly abducting Mr. Renauld husband. This we know at second hand from the horrified servants. On hearing the tragic news, Mr. Renauld fell at once into an alarming state of agitation. On arrival, Dr. Durand immediately prescribed a sedative, and we have not yet been able to question Mr. Renauld. But without doubt Mr. Renauld will awake more calm, and be equal to bearing the strain of the interrogation.  The commissary paused.  And the inmates of the house, monsieur?  There is old Françoise, the housekeeper, Mr. Renauld lived for many years with the former owners of the Villa Geneviève. Then there are two young girls, sisters, Denise and Léonie Oulard. two young girls, sisters, Denise and Léonie Oulard home is in Merlinville, and two young girls, sisters, Denise and Léonie Oulard come of the most respectable parents. Then there is the chauffeur whom Mr. Renauld brought over from England with Mr. Renauld, but Mr. Renauld is away on a holiday. Finally there are Mr. Renauld and Mr. Renauld son, M. Jack Renauld. Mr. Renauld, too, is away from home at present.  Hercule Poirot bowed his head. M. Hautet spoke:  Marchaud!  The sergent de ville appeared.  Bring in the woman Françoise.  the man saluted, and disappeared. In a moment or two, the man returned, escorting the frightened Françoise.  You name is Françoise Arrichet?  Yes, monsieur.  You have been a long time in service at the Villa Geneviève?  Eleven years with Madame la Vicomtesse. Then when Mr. Renauld sold Villa this spring, I consented to remain on with the English milor. Never did I imagine  The magistrate cut Mr. Renauld short.  Without doubt, without doubt. Now, Françoise, in this matter of the front door, whose business was it to fasten it at night?  Mine, monsieur. Always I saw to it the man.  And last night?  I fastened it as usual.  You are sure of that?  I swear it by the blessed saints, monsieur.  What time would that be?  The same time as usual, halfpast ten, monsieur.  What about the rest of the household, had What about the rest of the household gone up to bed?  Mr. Renauld had retired some time before. Denise and Léonie went up with the man. monsieur was still in monsieur study.  Then, if any one unfastened the door afterwards, the door must have been Mr. Renauld?  Françoise shrugged Françoise broad shoulders.  What should Françoise do that for? With robbers and assassins passing every minute! A nice idea! monsieur was not an imbecile. It is not as though monsieur had had to let cette dame out  The magistrate interrupted sharply:  Cette dame? What lady do you mean?  Why, the lady who came to see monsieur.  Had a lady been to see monsieur that evening?  But yes, monsieurand many other evenings as well.  Who was What lady? Did you know What lady?  A rather cunning look spread over the womans face. How should I know who it was? What lady grumbled. I did not let What lady in last night.  Aha! roared The magistrate, bringing The magistrate hand down with a bang on the table. You would trifle with the police, would you? I demand that you tell me at once the name of this woman who came to visit M. Renauld in the evenings.  The policethe police, grumbled Françoise. Never did I think that I should be mixed up with The policethe police. But I know well enough who What lady was. It was Madame Daubreuil.  The commissary uttered an exclamation, and leaned forward as though in utter astonishment.  Mr. Renauld Daubreuilfrom the Villa Marguerite just down the road?  That is what I said, monsieur. Oh, What lady is a pretty one, cellela! What lady tossed What lady head scornfully.  Madame Daubreuil, murmured the commissary. Impossible.  Voilà, grumbled Françoise. That is all you get for telling the truth.  Not at all, said The magistrate soothingly. We were surprised, that is all. Madame Daubreuil then, and M. Renauld, they were M. Renauld paused delicately. Eh? It was that without doubt?  How should I know? But what will you? monsieur, monsieur was milor anglaistrés richeand Madame Daubreuil, What lady was poor, that oneand trés chic for all that What lady lives so quietly with What lady daughter. Not a doubt of it, What lady has had What lady history! What lady is no longer young, but ma foi! I who speak to you have seen the mens heads turn after What lady as What lady goes down the street. Besides lately, What lady has had more money to spendall the town knows the town. The little economies, The little economies are at an end. And Françoise shook her head with an air of unalterable certainty.  M. Hautet stroked M. Hautet beard reflectively.  And Mr. Renauld? M. Hautet asked at length. How did What lady take thisfriendship.  Françoise shrugged What lady shoulders.  What lady was always most amiablemost polite. One would say that What lady suspected nothing. But all the same, is it not so, the heart suffers, monsieur? Day by day, I have watched Mr. Renauld grow paler and thinner. What lady was not the same woman who arrived here a month ago. monsieur, too, has changed. monsieur also has had monsieur worries. One could see that monsieur was on the brink of a crisis of the nerves. And who could wonder, with an affair conducted such a fashion? No reticence, no discretion. Style anglais, without doubt!  I bounded indignantly in my seat, but The magistrate was continuing The magistrate questions, undistracted by side issues.  You say that M. Renauld had not to let Madame Daubreuil out? Had M. Renauld left, then?  Yes, monsieur. I heard them come out of the study and go to the door. monsieur said good night, and shut the door after M. Renauld.  What time was that?  About twentyfive minutes after ten, monsieur.  Do you know when M. Renauld went to bed?  I heard M. Renauld come up about ten minutes after we did. The stair creaks so that one hears every one who goes up and down.  And that is all? You heard no sound of disturbance during the night?  Nothing whatever, monsieur.  Which of the horrified servants came down the first in the morning?  I did, monsieur. At once I saw the door swinging open.  What about the other downstairs windows, were What about the other downstairs windows fastened?  Every one of What about the other downstairs windows. There was nothing suspicious or out of place anywhere.  Good, Françoise, you can go.  What lady shuffled towards the door. On the threshold What lady looked back.  I will tell you one thing, monsieur. Madame Daubreuil What lady is a bad one! Oh, yes, one woman knows about another. one woman is a bad one, remember that. And, shaking one woman head sagely, Françoise left the room.  Léonie Oulard, called the magistrate.  Léonie appeared dissolved in tears, and inclined to be hysterical. M. Hautet dealt with one woman adroitly. M. Hautet evidence was mainly concerned with the discovery of her mistress gagged and bound, of which M. Hautet gave rather an exaggerated account. M. Hautet, like Françoise, had heard nothing during the night.  M. Hautet sister, Denise, succeeded M. Hautet. M. Hautet agreed that M. Hautet master had changed greatly of late.  Every day he became more and more morose. he ate less. he was always depressed. But Denise had Denise own theory. Without doubt it was the Mafia he had on he track! Two masked menwho else could it be? A terrible society that!  It is, of course, possible, said The magistrate smoothly. Now, Denise, was it you who admitted Madame Daubreuil to the house last night?  Not last night, monsieur, the night before.  But Françoise has just told us that Madame Daubreuil was here last night?  No, monsieur. A lady did come to see M. Renauld last night, but M. Renauld was not Madame Daubreuil.  Surprised, The magistrate insisted, but A lady held firm. A lady knew Madame Daubreuil perfectly by sight. A lady was dark also, but shorter, and much younger. Nothing could shake A lady statement.  Had you ever seen A lady before?  Never, monsieur. And then A lady added diffidently: But I think A lady was English.  English?  Yes, monsieur. A lady asked for M. Renauld in quite good French, but the accentone can always tell the accentone, nestce pas? Besides when they came out of the study they were speaking in English.  Did you hear what they said? Could you understand the accentone, I mean?  Me, I speak English very well, said Denise with pride. A lady was speaking too fast for me to catch what A lady said, but I heard Monsieurs last words as Monsieurs opened the door for A lady. A lady paused, and then repeated carefully and laboriously:  Yeasyeasbutt for Gauds saike go nauw!  Yes, yes, but for Gods sake go now! repeated The magistrate.  The magistrate dismissed Denise and, after a moment or two for consideration, recalled Françoise. To Denise The magistrate propounded the question as to whether Denise had not made a mistake in fixing the night of Madame Daubreuils visit. Françoise, however, proved unexpectedly obstinate. It was last night that Madame Daubreuil had come. Without a doubt it was Denise. Denise wished to make Denise interesting, voilà tout! So Denise had cooked up this fine tale about a strange lady. Airing Denise knowledge of English too! Probably monsieur had never spoken that sentence in English at all, and even if monsieur had, it proved nothing, for Madame Daubreuil spoke English perfectly, and generally used that language when talking to M. and Mr. Renauld. You see, M. Jack, the son of Monsieur, was usually here, and monsieur spoke French very badly.  The magistrate did not insist. Instead The magistrate inquired about the chauffeur, and learned that only yesterday, M. Renauld had declared that M. Renauld was not likely to use the car, and that Masters might just as well take a holiday.  A perplexed frown was beginning to gather between Poirots eyes.  What is it? I whispered.  The magistrate shook The magistrate impatiently, and asked a question:  Pardon, M. Bex, but without doubt M. Renauld could drive the car M. Renauld?  the commissary looked over at Françoise, and What lady replied promptly:  No, monsieur did not drive monsieur.  Poirots frown deepened.  I wish you would tell me what is worrying you, I said impatiently.  See you not? In The Letter M. Renauld speaks of sending the car for M. Renauld to Calais.  Perhaps monsieur meant a hired car, I suggested.  Doubtless that is so. But why hire a car when you have one of your own. Why choose yesterday to send away the chauffeur on a holidaysuddenly, at a moments notice? Was it that for some reason monsieur wanted monsieur out of the way before we arrived?4 The Letter Signed Bella  Françoise had left the room. The magistrate was drumming thoughtfully on the table.  M. Bex, The magistrate said at length, here we have directly conflicting testimony. Which are we to believe, Françoise or Denise?  Denise, said the commissary decidedly. It was Denise who let the visitor in. Françoise is old and obstinate, and has evidently taken a dislike to Madame Daubreuil. Besides, our own knowledge tends to show that M. Renauld was entangled with another woman.  Tiens! cried M. Hautet. our have forgotten to inform M. Poirot of that. M. Poirot of that searched amongst the papers on the table, and finally handed the one M. Poirot of that was in search of to my friend. This letter, M. Poirot, our found in the pocket of the dead mans overcoat.  M. Poirot of that took This letter, M. Poirot and unfolded This letter, M. Poirot. This letter, M. Poirot was somewhat worn and crumbled, and was written in English in a rather unformed hand:  My dearest one: Why have you not written for so long? You do love me still, dont you? Your letters lately have been so different, cold and strange, and now this long silence. Your letters makes me afraid. If you were to stop loving me! But thats impossiblewhat a silly kid I amalways imagining things! But if you did stop loving me, I dont know what I should dokill M. Poirot of that perhaps! I couldnt live without you. Sometimes I fancy another woman is coming between us. Let another woman look out, thats alland you too! Id as soon kill you as let another woman have you! I mean it.But there, Im writing highflown nonsense. You love me, and Ilove youyes, love you, love you, love you!Your own adoring BELLA.There was no address or date. M. Poirot of that handed it back with a grave face.  And the assumption is, M. le juge?  The magistrate shrugged The magistrate shoulders.  M. Renauld M. Renauld was entangled with this EnglishwomanBella. M. Renauld comes over here, meets Madame Daubreuil, and starts an intrigue with Madame Daubreuil. M. Renauld cools off to the other, and Madame Daubreuil instantly suspects something. This letter, M. Poirot contains a distinct threat. M. Poirot of that, at first sight the case seemed simplicity itself. Jealousy! The fact that M. Renauld was stabbed in the back seemed to point distinctly to M. Renauld was stabbed in the back being a womans crime.  M. Poirot of that nodded.  The stab in the back, yesbut not the grave! That was laborious work, hard workno woman dug that grave, monsieur. That was a mans doing.  The commissary exclaimed excitedly: Yes, yes, you are right. We did not think of that.  As I said, M. HautetM. Hautet, at first sight the case seemed simple, but the masked men, and the letter you received from M. Renauld complicate matters. Here We seem to have an entirely different set of circumstances, with no relationship between the two. As regards the letter written to yourself, do you think it is possible that it referred in any way to this Bella, and this Bella threats?  M. Poirot of that shook M. Poirot of that head.  Hardly. A man like M. Renauld, who has led an adventurous life in outoftheway places, would not be likely to ask for protection against a woman.  The magistrate nodded his head emphatically.  My view exactly. Then we must look for the explanation of the letter  In Santiago, finished the commissary. I shall cable without delay to the police in Santiago, requesting full details of the murdered mans life out there, his love affairs, his business transactions, his friendships, and any enmities his may have incurred. It will be strange if, after that, we do not hold a clue to his mysterious murder.  The commissary looked round for approval.  Excellent, said M. Poirot of that appreciatively.  his wife, too, may be able to give us a pointer, added The magistrate.  You have found no other letters from this Bella this Bella amongst M. Renaulds effects? asked M. Poirot of that.  No. Of course one of our first proceedings was to search through his private papers in the study. our found nothing of interest, however. All seemed square and aboveboard. The only thing at all out of the ordinary was his will. Here his will is.  M. Poirot of that ran through the document.  So. A legacy of a thousand pounds to Mr. Stonorwho is Mr. Stonorwho, by the way?  M. Renaulds secretary. Mr. Stonorwho remained in England, but was over here once or twice for a weekend.  And everything else left unconditionally to Mr. Stonorwho beloved wife, Eloise. Simply drawn up, but perfectly legal. Witnessed by the two servants, Denise and Françoise. Nothing so very unusual about that. Mr. Stonorwho handed Nothing so very unusual about that back.  Perhaps, began Bex, you did not notice  The date? twinkled M. Poirot of that. But yes, I noticed Nothing so very unusual about that. A fortnight ago. Possibly Nothing so very unusual about that marks Mr. Stonorwho first intimation of danger. Many rich men die intestate through never considering the likelihood of Many rich men demise. But it is dangerous to draw conclusions prematurely. it points, however, to Mr. Stonorwho having a real liking and fondness for Mr. Stonorwho , in spite of Mr. Stonorwho amorous intrigues.  Yes, said M. Hautet doubtfully. But it is possibly a little unfair on his son, since it leaves his son entirely dependent on his son mother. If his mother were to marry again, and his mother second husband obtained an ascendancy over his mother, his son might never touch a penny of his son fathers money.  M. Poirot of that shrugged his son shoulders.  his son is a vain animal. M. Renauld figured to M. Renauld, without doubt, that M. Renauld widow would never marry again. As to his son, it may have been a wise precaution to leave the money in his son mothers hands. The sons of rich men are proverbially wild.  It may be as you say. Now, M. Poirot of that, you would without doubt like to visit the scene of the crime. I am sorry that the body has been removed, but of course photographs have been taken from every conceivable angle, and will be at your disposal as soon as photographs are available.  I thank you, monsieur, for all your courtesy.  The commissary rose.  Come with me, monsieurs.  me opened the door, and bowed ceremoniously to M. Poirot of that to precede me. M. Poirot of that, with equal politeness, drew back and bowed to the commissary.  Monsieur.  Monsieur.  At last they got out into the hall.  That room there, it is the study, hein? asked M. Poirot of that suddenly, nodding towards the door opposite.  Yes. You would like to see it? me threw the door open as me spoke, and we entered.  The room which M. Renauld had chosen for M. Renauld own particular use was small, but furnished with great taste and comfort. A businesslike writing desk, with many pigeon holes, stood in the window. Two large leathercovered armchairs faced the fireplace, and between Two large leathercovered armchairs was a round table covered with the latest books and magazines. Bookshelves lined two of the walls, and at the end of the room opposite the window there was a handsome oak sideboard with a tantalus on top. The curtains and portière were of a soft dull green, and the carpet matched The curtains and portière in tone.  M. Poirot of that stood a moment taking in the room opposite the window, then M. Poirot of that stepped forward, passed M. Poirot of that hand lightly over the backs of the leather chairs, picked up a magazine from the table, and drew a finger gingerly over the surface of a handsome oak sideboard with a tantalus on top. M. Poirot of that face expressed complete approval.  No dust? I asked, with a smile.  M. Poirot of that beamed on me, appreciative of my knowledge of M. Poirot of that peculiarities.  Not a particle, mon ami! And for once, perhaps, it is a pity.  M. Poirot of that sharp, birdlike eyes darted here and there.  Ah! M. Poirot of that remarked suddenly, with an intonation of relief. The hearthrug is crooked, and M. Poirot of that bent down to straighten The hearthrug.  Suddenly M. Poirot of that uttered an exclamation and rose. In his hand M. Poirot of that held a small fragment of paper.  In France, as in England, M. Poirot of that remarked, the domestics omit to sweep under the mats!  Bex took a small fragment of paper from M. Poirot of that, and I came closer to examine a small fragment of paper.  You recognize iteh, Hastings?  I shook my head, puzzledand yet that particular shade of pink paper was very familiar.  The commissarys mental processes were quicker than mine.  A fragment of a cheque, A fragment of a cheque exclaimed.  The piece of paper was roughly about two inches square. On The piece of paper was written in ink the word Duveen.  Bien, said Bex. a cheque was payable to, or drawn by, one named Duveen.  The former, I fancy, said M. Poirot of that, for, if I am not mistaken, the handwriting is that of M. Renauld.  That was soon established, by comparing it with a memorandum from the desk.  Dear me, murmured the commissary, with a crestfallen air, I really cannot imagine how I came to overlook this.  M. Poirot of that laughed.  The moral of that is, always look under the mats! My friend Hastings here will tell you that anything in the least crooked is a torment to me. As soon as I saw that the hearthrug was out of the straight, I said to me: Tiens! The leg of the chair caught The leg of the chair in being pushed back. Possibly there may be something beneath The leg of the chair which the good Françoise overlooked.  Françoise?  Or Denise, or Léonie. Whoever did this room. Since there is no dust, this room must have been done this morning. I reconstruct the incident like this. Yesterday, possibly last night, M. Renauld drew a cheque to the order of some one named Duveen. Afterwards a cheque was torn up, and scattered on the floor. this morning But Bex was already pulling impatiently at the bell.  Françoise answered Françoise. Yes, there had been a lot of pieces of paper on the floor. What had Françoise done with them? Put them in the kitchen stove of course! What else?  With a gesture of despair, Bex dismissed Françoise. Then, Bex face lightening, Bex ran to the desk. In a minute Bex was hunting through the dead mans cheque book. Then Bex repeated Bex former gesture. The last counterfoil was blank.  Courage! cried M. Poirot of that, clapping M. Poirot of that on the back. Without doubt, M. Renauld will be able to tell us all about this mysterious person named Duveen.  his face cleared. That is true. Let us proceed.  As us turned to leave this room, M. Poirot of that remarked casually: It was here that M. Renauld received M. Renauld guest last night, eh?  It wasbut how did you know?  By this. I found It on the back of the leather chair.  And Bex held up between Bex finger and thumb a long black haira womans hair!  Bex took us out by the back of the house to where there was a small shed leaning against the house. Bex produced a key from Bex pocket and unlocked a key from his pocket.  The body is here. us moved The body from the scene of the crime just before you arrived, as the photographers had done with The body.  Bex opened the door and us passed in. Bex lay on the ground, with a sheet over Bex. Bex dexterously whipped off the covering. M. Renauld was a man of medium height, slender and lithe in figure. M. Renauld looked about fifty years of age, and M. Renauld dark hair was plentifully streaked with grey. M. Renauld was clean shaven with a long thin nose, and eyes set rather close together, and M. Renauld skin was deeply bronzed, as that of a man who had spent most of M. Renauld life beneath tropical skies. M. Renauld lips were drawn back from M. Renauld teeth and an expression of absolute amazement and terror was stamped on the livid features.  One can see by his face that M. Renauld was stabbed in the back, M. Poirot of that.  Very gently, M. Renauld turned Bex over. There, between the shoulderblades, staining the light fawn overcoat, was a round dark patch. In the middle of a round dark patch there was a slit in the cloth. M. Poirot of that examined a slit in the cloth narrowly.  Have you any idea with what weapon the crime was committed?  the crime was left in the wound. the commissary reached down a large glass jar. In the commissary was a small object that looked to me more like a paperknife than anything else. the commissary had a black handle, and a narrow shining blade. The whole thing was not more than ten inches long. M. Poirot of that tested the discoloured point gingerly with M. Poirot of that finger tip.  Ma foi! but it is sharp! A nice easy little tool for murder!  Unfortunately, we could find no trace of fingerprints on it, remarked Bex regretfully. The murderer must have worn gloves.  Of course The murderer did, said M. Poirot of that contemptuously. Even in Santiago Even in Santiago know enough for that. The veriest amateur of an English Mees knows itthanks to the publicity the Bertillon system has been given in the Press. All the same, the Bertillon system interests me very much that there were no fingerprints. It is so amazingly simple to leave the fingerprints of some one else! And then the police are happy. The murderer shook The murderer head. I very much fear our criminal is not a man of methodeither that or The murderer was pressed for time. But we shall see.  The murderer let the body fall back into the body original position.  The murderer wore only underclothes under The murderer overcoat, I see, The murderer remarked.  Yes, the examining magistrate thinks that is rather a curious point.  At this minute there was a tap on the door which Bex had closed after the examining magistrate. the examining magistrate strode forward and opened a tap on the door which Bex had closed after him. Françoise was there. Françoise endeavoured to peep in with ghoulish curiosity.  Well, what is it? demanded Bex impatiently.  Madame. Françoise sends a message that Françoise is much recovered, and is quite ready to receive the examining magistrate.  Good, said Bex briskly. Tell M. Hautet and say that we will come at once.  M. Poirot of that lingered a moment, looking back towards the body. I thought for a moment that The murderer was going to apostrophize the body, to declare aloud The murderer determination never to rest till The murderer had discovered The murderer. But when The murderer spoke, it was tamely and awkwardly, and The murderer comment was ludicrously inappropriate to the solemnity of the moment.  The murderer wore his overcoat very long, The murderer said constrainedly.5 Mrs. Renaulds Story  we found M. Hautet awaiting we in the hall, and we proceeded upstairs together, Françoise marching ahead to show we the way. M. Poirot of that went up in a zigzag fashion which puzzled me, until M. Poirot of that whispered with a grimace:  No wonder the servants heard M. Renauld mounting the stairs; not a board of the servants but creaks fit to wake the dead!  At the head of the staircase, a small passage branched off.  The servants quarters, explained Bex.  we continued along a corridor, and Françoise tapped on the last door to the right of the last door.  A faint voice bade we enter, and we passed into a large sunny apartment looking out towards the sea, which showed blue and sparkling about a quarter of a mile distant.  On a couch, propped up with cushions, and attended by Dr. Durand, lay a tall, strikinglooking woman. a tall, strikinglooking woman was middleaged, and a tall, strikinglooking woman once dark hair was now almost entirely silvered, but the intense vitality and strength of a tall, strikinglooking woman personality would have made itself felt anywhere. You knew at once that you were in the presence of what the French call une maitresse femme.  a tall, strikinglooking woman greeted we with a dignified inclination of the head of the staircase.  Pray be seated, monsieurs.  we took chairs, and the magistrates clerk established the magistrates clerk at a round table.  I hope, Madame, began M. Hautet, that it will not distress you unduly to relate to we what occurred last night?  Not at all, monsieur. I know the value of time, if these scoundrelly assassins are to be caught and punished.  Very well, madame. It will fatigue you less, I think, if I ask you questions and you confine yourself to answering these scoundrelly assassins. At what time did you go to bed last night?  At halfpast nine, monsieur. I was tired.  And your husband?  About an hour later, I fancy.  Did the magistrates clerk seem disturbedupset in any way?  No, not more than usual.  What happened then?  we slept. I was awakened by a hand being pressed over my mouth. I tried to scream out, but a hand being pressed over my mouth prevented me. There were two men in the room. two men in the room were both masked.  Can you describe two men in the room at all, madame?  One was very tall, and had a long black beard, the other was short and stout. a long black beard was reddish. They both wore hats pulled down over They both eyes.  Hm, said the magistrate thoughtfully, too much beard, I fear.  You mean the magistrate thoughtfully, too much beard were false?  Yes, Madame. But continue your story.  It was the short man who was holding me. the short man who was holding me forced a gag into my mouth, and then bound me with rope hand and foot. the short man who was holding me was standing over your husband?  . the short man who was holding me had caught up my little dagger paperknife from the dressingtable and was holding my little dagger paperknife with the point just over the short man who was holding me heart. When the short man who was holding me had finished with me, the short man who was holding me joined the other, and they forced your husband?   to get up and accompany they into the dressingroom next door. I was nearly fainting with terror, nevertheless I listened desperately.  terror were speaking in too low a tone for me to hear what terror said. But I recognized the language, a bastard Spanish such as is spoken in some parts of South America. terror seemed to be demanding something from your husband?  , and presently terror grew angry, and terror voices rose a little. I think the short man who was holding me was speaking. You know what we want! the short man who was holding me said. The secret! Where is it? I do not know what your husband?   answered, but the other replied fiercely: You lie! we know you have it. Where are your keys?  Then I heard sounds of drawers being pulled out. There is a safe on the wall of my husbands dressingroom in which the short man who was holding me always keeps a fairly large amount of ready money. Léonie tells me this has been rifled and ready money taken, but evidently what they were looking for was not there, for presently I heard the tall man, with an oath, command your husband?   to dress your husband?  . Soon after that, I think some noise in the house must have disturbed they, for they hustled your husband?   out into my room only half dressed.  Pardon, interrupted M. Poirot of that, but is there then no other egress from the dressingroom?  No, monsieur, there is only the communicating door into my room. they hurried your husband?   through, the short man in front, and the tall man behind your husband?   with the dagger still in your husband?   hand. your husband?   tried to break away to come to your husband?  . I saw your husband?   agonized eyes. your husband?   turned to your husband?   captors. I must speak to her, your husband?   said. Then, coming to the side of the bed, It is all right, Eloise, your husband?   said. Do not be afraid. I shall return before morning. But, although your husband?   tried to make your husband?   voice confident, I could see the terror in his agonized eyes. Then they hustled your husband?   out of the door, your husband?   saying: One soundand you are a dead man, remember.  After that, M. Renauld, I must have fainted. The next thing I recollect is Léonie rubbing my wrists, and giving me brandy.  M. Renauld, said the magistrate, had you any idea what it was for which the assassins were searching?  None whatever, monsieur.  Had you any knowledge that your husband?   feared something?  Yes. I had seen the change in your husband?  .  How long ago was that?  Mrs. Renauld reflected.  Ten days perhaps.  Not longer?  Possibly. I only noticed it then.  Did you question your husband?   at all as to the cause?  Once. your husband?   put me off evasively. Nevertheless, I was convinced that your husband?   was suffering some terrible anxiety. However, since your husband?   evidently wished to conceal the fact from your husband?  , I tried to pretend that I had noticed nothing.  Were you aware that your husband?   had called in the services of a detective?  A detective? exclaimed Mrs. Renauld, very much surprised.  Yes, this gentlemanM. Hercule Poirot. M. Poirot of that bowed. M. Poirot of that arrived today in response to a summons from your husband?  . And taking the letter written by M. Renauld from M. Renauld pocket M. Renauld handed the letter written by M. Renauld from his pocket to the lady.  M. Poirot of that read the letter written by M. Renauld from his pocket with apparently genuine astonishment.  I had no idea of this. Evidently M. Renauld was fully cognizant of the danger.  Now, Madame, I will beg of Madame to be frank with me. Is there any incident in your husbands past life in South America which might throw light on M. Renauld murder?  Mrs. M. Renauld reflected deeply, but at last shook Mrs. .  I can think of none. Certainly your husband?   had many enemies, people your husband?   had got the better of in some way or another, but I can think of no one distinctive case. I do not say there is no such incidentonly that I am not aware of no one distinctive case.  the examining magistrate stroked a long black beard disconsolately.  And you can fix the time of this outrage?  Yes, I distinctly remember hearing the clock on the mantelpiece strike two. Mrs. nodded towards an eightday travelling clock in a leather case which stood in the centre of the chimneypiece.  M. Poirot of that rose from M. Poirot of that seat, scrutinized the clock carefully, and nodded, satisfied.  And here too, exclaimed M. Bex, is a wrist watch, knocked off the dressingtable by the assassins, without doubt, and smashed to atoms. Little did they know it would testify against they.  Gently your husband?   picked away the fragments of broken glass. Suddenly your husband?   face changed to one of utter stupefaction.  Mon Dieu! Mon Dieu ejaculated.  What is it?  The hands of the watch point to seven oclock!  What? cried the examining magistrate, astonished.  But M. Poirot of that, deft as ever, took the broken trinket from the startled commissary, and held the broken trinket to his ear. Then his smiled.  broken glass is broken, yes, but the watch itself is still going.  The explanation of the mystery was greeted with a relieved smile. But the examining magistrate bethought him of another point.  But surely it is not seven oclock now?  No, said M. Poirot of that gently, it is a few minutes after five. Possibly the watch gains, is that so, Madame?  M. Renauld was frowning perplexedly.  M. Renauld does gain, M. Renauld admitted, but Ive never known M. Renauld to gain quite so much as that.  With a gesture of impatience, the examining magistrate left the matter of the watch and proceeded with the examining magistrate interrogatory.  Madame, the front door was found ajar. It seems almost certain that the murderers entered that way, yet it has not been forced at all. Can you suggest any explanation?  Possibly your husband?   went out for a stroll the last thing, and forgot to latch the last thing when your husband?   came in.  Is that a likely thing to happen?  Very. your husband?   was the most absentminded of men.  There was a slight frown on her brow as her spoke, as though this trait in the dead mans character had at times vexed her.  There is one inference I think we might draw, remarked the startled commissary suddenly. Since the men insisted on M. Renauld dressing M. Renauld, it looks as though the place the men were taking M. Renauld to, the place where the secret was concealed, lay some distance away.  the examining magistrate nodded.  Yes, far, and yet not too far, since your husband?   spoke of being back by morning.  What times does the last train leave the station of Merlinville? asked M. Poirot of that.  Elevenfifty one way, and 12:17 the other, but it is more probable that they had a motor waiting.  Of course, agreed M. Poirot of that, looking somewhat crestfallen.  Indeed, that might be one way of tracing them, continued the magistrate, brightening. A motor containing two foreigners is quite likely to have been noticed. That is an excellent point, M. Bex.  He smiled to He, and then, becoming grave once more, He said to M. Renauld:  There is another question. Do you know any one of the name of Duveen?  Duveen? Mrs. Renauld repeated, thoughtfully. No, for the moment, I cannot say I do.  You have never heard your husband?   mention any one of that name?  Never.  Do you know any one whose Christian name is Bella?  your husband?   watched Mrs. Renauld narrowly as your husband?   spoke, seeking to surprise any signs of anger or consciousness, but Mrs. merely shook Mrs. head in quite a natural manner. your husband?   continued your husband?   questions.  Are you aware that your husband?   had a visitor last night?  Now your husband?   saw the red mount slightly in Mrs. cheeks, but Mrs. replied composedly.  No, who was that?  A lady.  Indeed?  But for the moment the examining magistrate was content to say no more. It seemed unlikely that Madame Daubreuil had any connection with the crime, and Madame Daubreuil was anxious not to upset M. Renauld more than necessary.  Madame Daubreuil made a sign to the startled commissary, and the latter replied with a nod. Then rising, Madame Daubreuil went across the room, and returned with the glass jar we had seen in the outhouse in Madame Daubreuil hand. From this, Madame Daubreuil took the dagger.  Madame, Madame Daubreuil said gently, do you recognize this?  Madame gave a little cry.  Yes, that is the dagger. Thenshe saw the stained point, and Thenshe drew back, Thenshe eyes widening with horror. Is thatblood?  Yes, Madame. your husband?   was killed with this weapon. your husband?   removed this weapon hastily from sight. You are quite sure about this weapon being the one that was on your dressingtable last night?  Oh, yes. It was a present from my son. my son was in the Air Force during the War. my son gave my son age as older than it was. There was a touch of the proud mother in Thenshe voice. This was made from a streamline aeroplane wire, and was given to me by my son as a souvenir of the War.  I see, madame. That brings us to another matter. my son, where is my son now? It is necessary that my son should be telegraphed to without delay.  Jack? my son is on my son way to Buenos Ayres.  What?  Yes. your husband?   telegraphed to my son yesterday. your husband?   had sent my son on business to Paris, but yesterday your husband?   discovered that it would be necessary for your husband?   to proceed without delay to South America. There was a boat leaving Cherbourg for Buenos Ayres last night, and your husband?   wired your husband?   to catch a boat leaving Cherbourg for Buenos Ayres last night.  Have you any knowledge of what the business in Buenos Ayres was?  No, monsieur, I know nothing of what the business in Buenos Ayres was nature, but Buenos Ayres is not my sons final destination. Buenos Ayres was going overland from there to Santiago.  And, in unison, the magistrate and the commissary exclaimed:  Santiago! Again Santiago!  It was at this moment, when we were all stunned by the mention of that word, that M. Poirot of that approached M. Renauld. your husband?   had been standing by the window like a man lost in a dream, and I doubt if your husband?   had fully taken in what had passed. your husband?   paused by the ladys side with a bow.  Pardon, madame, but may I examine your wrists.  Though slightly surprised at the request, Mrs. M. Renauld held Pardon, madame out to your husband?  . Round each of Pardon, madame was a cruel red mark where the cords had bitten into the flesh. As your husband?   examined Pardon, madame, I fancied that a momentary flicker of excitement I had seen in his agonized eyes disappeared.  Pardon, madame must cause you great pain, your husband?   said, and once more your husband?   looked puzzled.  But the examining magistrate was speaking excitedly.  M. Renauld must be communicated with at once by wireless. It is vital that we should know anything M. Renauld can tell we about this trip to Santiago. M. Renauld hesitated. I hoped M. Renauld might have been near at hand, so that we could have saved you pain, madame. M. Renauld paused.  You mean, Mrs. said in a low voice, the identification of my husbands body?  the examining magistrate bowed the examining magistrate head.  I am a strong woman, monsieur. I can bear all that is required of M. Renauld. I am readynow.  Oh, tomorrow will be quite soon enough, I assure you  I prefer to get it over, Mrs. said in a low tone, a spasm of pain crossing Mrs. face. If you will be so good as to give me your arm, Doctor?  The doctor hastened forward, a cloak was thrown over Mrs. Renaulds shoulders, and a slow procession went down the stairs. M. Renauld hurried on ahead to open the door of the shed. In a minute or two Mrs. M. Renauld appeared in the doorway. Mrs. was very pale, but resolute. Behind Mrs., M. Hautet was clacking commiserations and apologies like an animated hen.  Mrs. raised Mrs. hand to Mrs. face.  A moment, messieurs, while I steel myself.  Mrs. took her hand away and looked down at the dead man. Then the marvellous selfcontrol which had upheld Mrs. so far deserted Mrs..  Paul! Mrs. cried. Husband! Oh, God! And pitching forward Mrs. fell unconscious to the ground.  Instantly M. Poirot of that was beside Mrs., Instantly Poirot raised the lid of Mrs. eye, felt Mrs. pulse. When Instantly Poirot had satisfied Instantly Poirot that Mrs. had really fainted, Instantly Poirot drew aside. Instantly Poirot caught me by the arm.  I am an imbecile, my friend! If ever there was love and grief in a womans voice, I heard it then. My little idea was all wrong. Eh bien! I must start again!6 The Scene of the Crime  Between them, the doctor and M. Hautet carried Mrs. into the house. the startled commissary looked after them, shaking Instantly Poirot .  Pauvre femme, Instantly Poirot murmured to Instantly Poirot. The shock was too much for Mrs.. Well, well, we can do nothing. Now, M. Poirot of that, shall we visit the place where the Crime   was committed?  If you please, M. Bex.  we passed through the house, and out by the front door. M. Poirot of that had looked up at the staircase in passing, and shook his head in a dissatisfied manner.  It is to M. Poirot of that incredible that the servants heard nothing. The creaking of the staircase in passing, with three people descending it, would awaken the dead!  It was the middle of the night, remember. They were sound asleep by then.  But M. Poirot of that continued to shake his head as though not fully accepting the explanation. On the sweep of the drive, his paused, looking up at the house.  What moved them in the first place to try if the front door were open? It was a most unlikely thing that it should be. It was far more probable that they should at once try to force a window.  But all the windows on the ground floor are barred with iron shutters, objected the startled commissary.  M. Poirot of that pointed to a window on the first floor.  That is the window of the bedroom we have just come from, is it not? And seethere is a tree by which it would be the easiest thing in the world to mount.  Possibly, admitted the other. But they could not have done so without leaving footprints in the flowerbed.  I saw the justice of his words. There were two large oval flowerbeds planted with scarlet geraniums, one each side of the steps leading up to the front door. The tree in question had The tree in question roots actually at the back of the bed itself, and The tree in question would have been impossible to reach The tree in question without stepping on the bed itself.  You see, continued the commissary, owing to the dry weather no prints would show on the drive or paths; but, on the soft mould of the flowerbed, it would have been a very different affair.  M. Poirot of that went close to the bed itself and studied the bed itself attentively. As M. Renauld had said, the mould was perfectly smooth. There was not an indentation on the mould anywhere.  M. Poirot of that nodded, as though convinced, and we turned away, but M. Poirot of that suddenly darted off and began examining the other flowerbed.  M. Renauld! M. Poirot of that called. See here. Here are plenty of traces for you.  The commissary joined himand smiled.  M. Poirot of that, those are without doubt the footprints of the gardeners large hobnailed boots. In any case, it would have no importance, since this side we have no tree, and consequently no means of gaining access to the upper story.  True, said M. Poirot of that, evidently crestfallen. So you think these footprints are of no importance?  Not the least in the world.  Then, to my utter astonishment, M. Poirot of that pronounced these words:  I do not agree with you. I have a little idea that these footprints are the most important things we have seen yet.  M. Renauld said nothing, merely shrugged M. Renauld shoulders. M. Renauld was far too courteous to utter M. Renauld real opinion.  Shall we proceed? M. Renauld asked instead.  Certainly. I can investigate this matter of the footprints later, said M. Poirot of that cheerfully.  Instead of following the drive down to the gate, M. Renauld turned up a path that branched off at right angles. M. Renauld led, up a slight incline, round to the right of the house, and was bordered on either side by a kind of shrubbery. Suddenly M. Renauld emerged into a little clearing from which one obtained a view of the sea. A seat had been placed here, and not far from M. Renauld was a rather ramshackle shed. A few steps further on, a neat line of small bushes marked the boundary of the Villa grounds. M. Renauld pushed M. Renauld way through these and we found we on a wide stretch of open downs. I looked round, and saw something that filled me with astonishment.  Why, this is a golf course, I cried.  M. Renauld nodded.  The limits are not completed yet, M. Renauld explained. The limits is hoped to be able to open them sometime next month. It was some of the men working on them who discovered the body early this morning.  I gave a gasp. A little to my left, where for the moment I had overlooked a gasp, was a long narrow pit, and by a gasp, face downwards, was the body! For a moment, my heart gave a terrible leap, and I had a wild fancy that the tragedy had been duplicated. But the startled commissary dispelled my illusion by moving forward with a sharp exclamation of annoyance:  What have my police been about? my police had strict orders to allow no one near the place without proper credentials!  The man on the ground turned The man on the ground over The man on the ground shoulder.  But I have proper credentials, The man on the ground remarked, and rose slowly to The man on the ground feet.  M. Poirot of that, cried the startled commissary. I had no idea that you had arrived, even. The examining magistrate has been awaiting you with the utmost impatience.  As The man on the ground spoke, I was scanning the newcomer with the keenest curiosity. The famous detective from the Paris Sûreté was familiar to M. Poirot of that by name, and I was extremely interested to see The famous detective from the Paris Sûreté in the flesh. The famous detective from the Paris Sûreté was very tall, perhaps about thirty years of age, with auburn hair and moustache, and a military carriage. There was a trace of arrogance in The famous detective from the Paris Sûreté manner which showed that The famous detective from the Paris Sûreté was fully alive to The famous detective from the Paris Sûreté own importance. M. Renauld introduced us, presenting M. Poirot of that as a colleague. A flicker of interest came into the detectives eye.  I know you by name, M. Poirot, name, M. Poirot said. You cut quite a figure in the old days, didnt you? But methods are very different now.  Crimes, though, are very much the same, remarked Poirot gently.  I saw at once that M. Poirot of that was prepared to be hostile. M. Poirot of that resented the other being associated with M. Poirot of that, and I felt that if M. Poirot of that came across any clue of importance M. Poirot of that would be more than likely to keep it to M. Poirot of that.  The examining magistrate began M. Renauld again. But M. Poirot of that interrupted M. Poirot of that rudely:  A fig for The examining magistrate! The light is the important thing. For all practical purposes The light will be gone in another halfhour or so. I know all about the case, and the people at the house will do very well until tomorrow, but, if were going to find a clue to the murderers, here is the spot we shall find it. Is it your police who have been trampling all over the place? I thought your police who have been trampling all over the place knew better nowadays.  Assuredly your police who have been trampling all over the place do. The marks you complain of were made by the workmen who discovered the body.  The other grunted disgustedly.  I can see the tracks where the three of your police who have been trampling all over the place came through the hedgebut your police who have been trampling all over the place were cunning. You can just recognize the centre footmarks as those of M. Renauld, but those on either side have been carefully obliterated. Not that there would really be much to see anyway on this hard ground, but those on either side werent taking any chances.  The external sign, said M. Poirot of that. That is what you seek, eh?  The other detective stared.  Of course.  A very faint smile came to Poirots lips. The other detective seemed about to speak, but checked The other detective. The other detective bent down to where a spade was lying.  Thats what the grave was dug with, right enough, said M. Poirot of that. But youll get nothing from the grave. the grave was Renaulds own spade, and the man who used the grave wore gloves. Here they are. the man who used it gesticulated with the man who used it foot to where two soiled earthstained gloves were lying. And two soiled earthstained glovesre Renaulds tooor at least the man who used it gardeners. I tell you, the men who planned out the Crime   were taking no chances. the man who used it was stabbed with the man who used it own dagger, and would have been buried with the man who used it own spade. the men who planned out this crime counted on leaving no traces! But Ill beat the men who planned out this crime. Theres always something! And I mean to find it.  But M. Poirot of that was now apparently interested in something else, a short discoloured piece of leadpiping which lay beside his own spade. the man who used it touched a short discoloured piece of leadpiping which lay beside the spade delicately with the man who used it finger.  And does this, too, belong to the man who used it? the man who used it asked, and I thought I detected a subtle flavour of irony in the question.  M. Poirot of that shrugged the man who used it to indicate that M. Poirot of that neither knew nor cared.  May have been lying around here for weeks. Anyway, it doesnt interest me.  I, on the contrary, find it very interesting, said M. Poirot of that sweetly.  I guessed that M. Poirot of that was merely bent on annoying the Paris detective and, if so, the Paris detective succeeded. The other turned away rudely, remarking that the Paris detective had no time to waste, and bending down the Paris detective resumed the Paris detective minute search of the ground.  M. Poirot of thatM. Poirot of that, as though struck by a sudden idea, stepped back over the boundary, and tried the door of the little shed.  Thats locked, said M. Poirot of that over M. Poirot of that shoulder. But its only a place where the gardener keeps the gardener rubbish. his own spade didnt come from there, but from the toolshed up by the house.  Marvellous, murmured M. Bex, to Giraud over his shoulder ecstatically. Marvellous, murmured M. Bex, to me ecstatically has been here but half an hour, and Marvellous, murmured M. Bex, to me ecstatically already knows everything! What a man! Undoubtedly Giraud over his shoulder is the Paris detective alive today.  Although I disliked the Paris detective heartily, I nevertheless was secretly impressed. Efficiency seemed to radiate from the man who used it. I could not help feeling that, so far, M. Poirot of that had not greatly distinguished M. Poirot of that, and it vexed me. M. Poirot of that seemed to be directing M. Poirot of that attention to all sorts of silly, puerile points that had nothing to do with the case. Indeed, at this juncture, M. Poirot of that suddenly asked:  M. Renauld, tell me, I pray you, the meaning of this whitewashed line that extends all round the grave. Is it a device of the police?  No, M. Poirot of that, it is an affair of the golf course. it shows that there is here to be a bunkair, as you call it.  A bunkair? M. Poirot of that turned to me. That is the irregular hole filled with sand and a bank at one side, is it not?  I concurred.  You do not play the golf, M. Poirot of that? inquired M. Renauld.  I? Never! What a game! M. Poirot of that became excited. Figure to yourself, each hole it is of a different length. The obstacles, The obstacles are not arranged mathematically. Even the greens are frequently up one side! There is only one pleasing thingthe how do you call them?tee boxes! them?tee boxes, at least, are symmetrical.  I could not refrain from a laugh at the way the game appeared to M. Poirot of that, and my little friend smiled at me affectionately, bearing no malice. Then M. Poirot of that asked:  But M. Renauld, without doubt M. Renauld played the golf, M. Poirot?  Yes, M. Renauld was a keen golfer. Its mainly owing to M. Renauld, and to M. Renauld large subscriptions, that this work is being carried forward. M. Renauld even had a say in the designing of a say.  M. Poirot of that nodded thoughtfully.  Then M. Renauld remarked:  It was not a very good choice they madeof a spot to bury the body? When the men began to dig up the ground, all would have been discovered.  Exactly, cried M. Poirot of that triumphantly. And that proves that the men were strangers to the place. Its an excellent piece of indirect evidence.  Yes, said M. Poirot of that doubtfully. No one who knew would bury a body thereunlessunlessthey wanted it to be discovered. And that is clearly absurd, is it not?  M. Poirot of that did not even trouble to reply.  Yes, said M. Poirot of that, in a somewhat dissatisfied voice. Yesundoubtedlyabsurd!7 The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil  As we retraced we steps to the house, M. Renauld excused M. Renauld for leaving we, explaining that M. Renauld must immediately acquaint the examining magistrate with the fact of Girauds arrival. M. Poirot of that had been obviously delighted when M. Poirot of that declared that M. Poirot of that had seen all M. Poirot of that wanted. The last thing we observed, as we left the spot, was M. Poirot of that, crawling about on all fours, with a thoroughness in M. Poirot of that search that I could not but admire. M. Poirot of that guessed my thoughts, for as soon as we were alone M. Poirot of that remarked ironically:  At last you have seen the Paris detective you admirethe human foxhound! Is it not so, my friend?  At any rate, M. Poirot of thats doing something, I said, with asperity. If theres anything to find, hell find it. Now you  Eh bien! I also have found something! A piece of leadpiping.  Nonsense, M. Poirot of that. You know very well thats got nothing to do with it. I meant little thingstraces that may lead we infallibly to the murderers.  Mon ami, a clue of two feet long is every bit as valuable as one measuring two millimetres! But it is the romantic idea that all important clues must be infinitesimal! As to the piece of leadpiping having nothing to do with the crime, you say that because Leave Giraud. Noas I was about to interpose a questionwe will say no more. Leave M. Poirot of that to Leave Giraud , and me to my ideas. The case seems straightforward enoughand yetand yet, mon ami, I am not satisfied! And do you know why? Because of the wrist watch that is two hours fast. And then there are several curious little points that do not seem to fit in. For instance, if the object of the murderers was revenge, why did the murderers not stab M. Renauld in M. Renauld sleep and have done with M. Renauld?  the murderers wanted the secret, I reminded M. Renauld.  M. Poirot of that brushed a speck of dust from M. Renauld sleeve with a dissatisfied air.  Well, where is the secret? Presumably some distance away, since they wish M. Renauld to dress M. Renauld. Yet M. Renauld is found murdered close at hand, almost within earshot of the house. Then again, it is pure chance that a weapon such as the dagger should be lying about casually, ready to hand.  M. Renauld paused frowning, and then went on:  Why did the servants hear nothing? Were the servants drugged? Was there an accomplice and did an accomplice see to it that the front door should remain open? I wonder if  M. Renauld stopped abruptly. We had reached the drive in front of the house. Suddenly M. Renauld turned to M. Renauld.  my friend, I am about to surprise youto please you! I have taken your reproaches to heart! We will examine some footprints!  Where?  In that righthand bed yonder. M. Renauld says that they are the footmarks of the gardener. Let We see if that is so. See, M. Renauld approaches with M. Renauld wheelbarrow.  Indeed an elderly man was just crossing the drive with a barrowful of seedlings. M. Poirot of that called to an elderly man, and an elderly man set down the barrow and came hobbling towards We.  You are going to ask an elderly man for one of an elderly man boots to compare with the footmarks? I asked breathlessly. My faith in M. Poirot of that revived a little. Since an elderly man said the footprints in this righthand bed were important, presumably the footprints in this righthand bed were.  Exactly, said M. Poirot of that.  But wont an elderly man think it very odd?  an elderly man will not think about it at all.  We could say no more, for an elderly man had joined We.  You want me for something, monsieur?  Yes. You have been gardener here a long time, havent you?  Twentyfour years, monsieur.  And your name is?  Auguste, monsieur.  I was admiring these magnificent geraniums. these magnificent geraniums are truly superb. these magnificent geraniums have been planted long?  Some time, monsieur. But of course, to keep the beds looking smart, one must keep bedding out a few new plants, and remove those that are over, besides keeping the old blooms well picked off.  You put in some new plants yesterday, didnt you? Those in the middle there, and in the other bed also?  Monsieur has a sharp eye. It takes always a day or so for them to pick up. Yes, I put ten new plants in each bed last night. As Monsieur doubtless knows, one should not put in plants when the sun is hot.  Auguste was charmed with Poirots interest, and was quite inclined to be garrulous.  That is a splendid specimen there, said M. Poirot of that, pointing. Might I perhaps have a cutting of it?  But certainly, monsieur. The old fellow stepped into this righthand bed, and carefully took a slip from the plant M. Poirot of that had admired.  M. Poirot of that was profuse in M. Poirot of that thanks, and Auguste departed to Auguste barrow.  You see? said M. Poirot of that with a smile, as M. Poirot of that bent over this righthand bed to examine the indentation of the gardeners hobnailed boot. It is quite simple.  I did not realize  That the foot would be inside hobnailed boot? You do not use your excellent mental capacities sufficiently. Well, what of the footmark?  I examined this righthand bed carefully.  All the footmarks in this righthand bed were made by hobnailed boot, I said at length after a careful study.  You think so? Eh bien, I agree with you, said M. Poirot of that.  The old fellow seemed quite uninterested, and as though The old fellow were thinking of something else.  At any rate, I remarked, you will have one bee less in your bonnet now.  Mon Dieu! But what an idiom! What does it mean?  What I meant was that now you will give up your interest in these footmarks.  But to my surprise M. Poirot of that shook his head.  No, no, mon ami. At last I am on the right track. I am still in the dark, but, as I hinted just now to M. Bex, these footmarks are the most important and interesting things in the case! That poor GiraudI should not be surprised if That poor GiraudI took no notice of them whatever.  At that moment, the front door opened, and M. Hautet and the commissary came down the steps.  Ah, M. Poirot of that, we were coming to look for you, said the magistrate. It is getting late, but I wish to pay a visit to The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil  . Without doubt The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil   will be very much upset by M. Renaulds death, and we may be fortunate enough to get a clue from The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil  . The secret that he did not confide to he wife, it is possible that he may have told it to the woman whose love held he enslaved. We know where We Samsons are weak, dont We?  I admired the picturesqueness of M. Hautets language. I suspected that the magistrate was by now thoroughly enjoying the magistrate part in the mysterious drama.  Is M. Poirot of that not going to accompany We? asked M. Poirot of that.  M. Poirot of that has shown clearly that M. Poirot of that prefers to conduct the case in M. Poirot of that own way, said M. Hautet dryly. One could see easily enough that Girauds cavalier treatment of the magistrate had not prejudiced the latter in M. Poirot of that favour. We said no more, but fell into line. M. Poirot of that walked with the magistrate, and the commissary and I followed a few paces behind.  There is no doubt that Françoises story is substantially correct, Françoises remarked to M. Poirot of that in a confidential tone. I have been telephoning headquarters. It seems that three times in the last six weeksthat is to say since the arrival of M. Renauld at MerlinvilleMadame Daubreuil has paid a large sum in notes into M. Renauld at MerlinvilleMadame Daubreuil banking account. Altogether the sum totals two hundred thousand francs!  Dear me, I said, considering, that must be something like four thousand pounds!  Precisely. Yes, there can be no doubt that he was absolutely infatuated. But it remains to be seen whether he confided he secret to M. Renauld at MerlinvilleMadame Daubreuil. the magistrate is hopeful, but I hardly share he views.  During this conversation we were walking down the lane towards the fork in the road where we car had halted earlier in the afternoon, and in another moment I realized that the Villa Marguerite, the home of the mysterious Madame Daubreuil, was the small house from which the beautiful girl had emerged.  the beautiful girl has lived here for many years, said the commissary, nodding his head towards the house. Very quietly, very unobtrusively. the beautiful girl seems to have no friends or relations other than the acquaintances the beautiful girl has made in Merlinville. the beautiful girl never refers to the past, nor to the beautiful girl husband. One does not even know if her husband is alive or dead. There is a mystery about the beautiful girl, you comprehend. I nodded, my interest growing.  Andthe daughter? I ventured.  A truly beautiful young girlmodest, devout, all that Andthe daughter should be. One pities Andthe daughter, for, though Andthe daughter may know nothing of the past, a man who wants to ask Andthe daughter hand in marriage must necessarily inform a man who wants to ask her hand in marriage, and then the commissary shrugged a man who wants to ask her hand in marriage shoulders cynically.  But it would not be Andthe daughter fault! I cried, with rising indignation.  No. But what will you? A man is particular about A man wifes antecedents.  I was prevented from further argument by our arrival at the door. M. Hautet rang the bell. A few minutes elapsed, and then our heard a footfall within, and the door was opened. On the threshold stood my young goddess of that afternoon. When Andthe daughter saw our, the colour left Andthe daughter cheeks, leaving Andthe daughter deathly white, and Andthe daughter eyes widened with apprehension. There was no doubt about it, Andthe daughter was afraid!  The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil  , said M. Hautet, sweeping off M. Hautet hat, our regret infinitely to disturb you, but the exigencies of the Lawyou comprehend? My compliments to Madame your mother, and will Madame have the goodness to grant me a few moments interview.  For a moment Andthe daughter stood motionless. Andthe daughter left hand was pressed to Andthe daughter side, as though to still the sudden unconquerable agitation of Andthe daughter heart. But Andthe daughter mastered Andthe daughter, and said in a low voice:  I will go and see. Please come inside.  Andthe daughter entered a room on the left of the hall, and we heard the low murmur of Andthe daughter voice. And then another voice, much the same in timbre, but with a slightly harder inflection behind its mellow roundness said:  But certainly. Ask a slightly harder inflection behind its mellow roundness to enter.  In another minute we were face to face with the mysterious Madame Daubreuil.  Andthe daughter was not nearly so tall as Andthe daughter daughter, and the rounded curves of Andthe daughter figure had all the grace of full maturity. Andthe daughter hair, again unlike Andthe daughter daughters, was dark, and parted in the middle in the madonna style. Andthe daughter eyes, half hidden by the drooping lids, were blue. There was a dimple in the round chin, and the half parted lips seemed always to hover on the verge of a mysterious smile. There was something almost exaggeratedly feminine about Andthe daughter, at once yielding and seductive. Though very well preserved, Andthe daughter was certainly no longer young, but Andthe daughter charm was of the quality which is independent of age.  Standing there, in Andthe daughter black dress with the fresh white collar and cuffs, Andthe daughter hands clasped together, Andthe daughter looked subtly appealing and helpless.  You wished to see me, Monsieur? Andthe daughter asked.  Yes, madame. M. Hautet cleared M. Hautet throat. I am investigating the death of M. Renauld. You have heard of the death of M. Renauld, no doubt?  Andthe daughter bowed Andthe daughter head without speaking. Andthe daughter expression did not change.  We came to ask you whether you canerthrow any light upon the circumstances surrounding any light?  I? The surprise of Andthe daughter tone was excellent.  Yes, madame. It would, perhaps, be better if We could speak to you alone. He looked meaningly in the direction of Andthe daughter.  The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil   turned to The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil  .  Marthe, dear  But Andthe daughter shook her head.  No, maman, I will not go. I am not a child. I am twentytwo. I shall not go.  The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil   turned back to the magistrate.  You see, monsieur.  I should prefer not to speak before The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil  .  As my daughter says, my daughter is not a child.  For a moment the magistrate hesitated, baffled.  Very well, madame, the magistrate said at last. Have it your own way. We have reason to believe that you were in the habit of visiting the dead man at the dead man Villa in the evenings. Is that so?  The colour rose in the ladys pale cheeks, but Andthe daughter replied quietly:  I deny your right to ask me such a question!  madame, We are investigating a murder.  Well, what of it? I had nothing to do with a murder.  madame, We do not say that for a moment. But you knew the dead man well. Did the dead man ever confide in the dead man as to any danger that threatened the dead man?  Never.  Did the dead man ever mention the dead man life in Santiago, and any enemies the dead man may have made there?  No.  Then you can give We no help at all?  I fear not. I really do not see why you should come to me. Cannot the dead man tell you what you want to know? his wife voice held a slender inflection of irony.  The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil   has told us all The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil   can.  Ah! said The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil  . I wonder  You wonder what, madame?  Nothing.  the magistrate looked at his wife. the magistrate was aware that the magistrate was fighting a duel, and that the magistrate had no mean antagonist.  You persist in your statement that The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil   confided nothing in you?  Why should you think it likely that The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil   should confide in me?  Because, madame, said M. Hautet, with calculated brutality. A man tells to A man mistress what A man does not always tell to A man .  Ah! his wife sprang forward. his wife eyes flashed fire. Monsieur, you insult me! And before my daughter! I can tell you nothing. Have the goodness to leave my house!  The honours undoubtedly rested with the Villa Marguerite. We left the Villa Marguerite like a shamefaced pack of schoolboys. the magistrate muttered angry ejaculations to the magistrate. M. Poirot of that seemed lost in thought. Suddenly the magistrate came out of the magistrate reverie with a start, and inquired of M. Hautet if there was a good hotel near at hand.  There is a small place, the Hotel des Bains, on this side of town. A few hundred yards down the road. It will be handy for your investigations. We shall see you in the morning then, I presume?  Yes, I thank you, M. Hautet.  With mutual civilities, We parted company, M. Poirot of that and I going towards Merlinville, and the others returning to the Villa Geneviève.  The French police system is very marvellous, said M. Poirot of that, looking after the others. The information the others possess about every ones life, down to the most commonplace detail, is extraordinary. Though he has only been here a little over six weeks, the others are perfectly well acquainted with M. Renaulds tastes and pursuits, and at a moments notice the others can produce information as to Madame Daubreuils banking account, and the sums that have lately been paid in! Undoubtedly the dossier is a great institution. But what is that? he turned sharply.  A figure was running hatless, down the road after us. It was Marthe Daubreuil.  I beg your pardon, Marthe Daubreuil cried breathlessly, as Marthe Daubreuil reached us. II should not do this, I know. You must not tell my mother. But is it true, what the people say, that The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil   called in a detective before The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil   died, andand that you are M. Renauld called in a detective before he died?  Yes, mademoiselle, said M. Poirot of that gently. It is quite true. But how did you learn It?  Françoise told our Amélie, explained Marthe, with a blush.  M. Poirot of that made a grimace.  The secrecy, The secrecy is impossible in an affair of this kind! Not that it matters. Well, Mademoiselle, what is it you want to know?  Andthe daughter hesitated. Andthe daughter seemed longing, yet fearing, to speak. At last, almost in a whisper, Andthe daughter asked:  Isany one suspected?  M. Poirot of that eyed M. Poirot of that keenly.  Then M. Poirot of that replied evasively:  Suspicion is in the air at present, mademoiselle.  Yes, I knowbutany one in particular?  Why do you want to know?  Andthe daughter seemed frightened by the question. All at once Poirots words about Andthe daughter earlier in the day recurred to me. The girl with the anxious eyes!  The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil   was always very kind to me, The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil   replied at last. It is natural that I should be interested.  I see, said M. Poirot of that. Well, Mademoiselle, suspicion at present is hovering round two persons.  Two?  I could have sworn there was a note of surprise and relief in The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil   voice.  Their names are unknown, but Their are presumed to be Chilians from Santiago. And now, Mademoiselle, you see what comes of being young and beautiful! I have betrayed professional secrets for Mademoiselle!  Andthe daughter laughed merrily, and then, rather shyly, Andthe daughter thanked Andthe daughter.  I must run back now. Maman will miss me.  And Andthe daughter turned and ran back up the road, looking like a modern Atalanta. I stared after Andthe daughter.  Mon ami, said M. Poirot of that, in Mon ami gentle ironical voice, is it that we are to remain planted here all nightjust because you have seen a beautiful young woman, and your head is in a whirl?  I laughed and apologized.  But Andthe daughter is beautiful, M. Poirot of that. Any one might be excused for being bowled over by Andthe daughter.  M. Poirot of that groaned.  Mon Dieu! But it is that you have the susceptible heart!  M. Poirot of that, I said, do you remember after the Styles Case when  When you were in love with two charming women at once, and neither of two charming women were for M. Poirot of that? Yes, I remember.  You consoled me by saying that perhaps some day we should hunt together again, and that then  Eh bien?  Well, we are hunting together again, and I paused, and laughed rather selfconsciously.  But to my surprise M. Poirot of that shook her head very earnestly.  Ah, mon ami, do not set your heart on Marthe Daubreuil. Marthe Daubreuil is not for M. Poirot of that, that one! Take your heart from M. Poirot of that!  Why, I cried, the commissary assured me that M. Poirot of that was as good as M. Poirot of that is beautiful! A perfect angel!  Some of the greatest criminals I have known had the faces of angels, remarked M. Poirot of that cheerfully. A malformation of the grey cells may coincide quite easily with the face of a madonna.  M. Poirot of that, I cried, horrified, you cannot mean that you suspect an innocent child like this!  Tatata! Do not excite M. Poirot of that! I have not said that I suspected M. Poirot of that. But you must admit that M. Poirot of that anxiety to know about the case is somewhat unusual.  For once, I see further than you do, I said. M. Poirot of that anxiety is not for herselfbut for M. Poirot of that mother.  My friend, said M. Poirot of that, as usual, you see nothing at all. The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil   is very well able to look after The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil   without my daughter worrying about The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil  . I admit I was teasing you just now, but all the same I repeat what I said before. Do not set your heart on Andthe daughter. Andthe daughter is not for My friend! I, M. Poirot of that, know it. Sacré! if only I could remember where I had seen that face!  What face? I asked, surprised. The daughters?  No. The mothers.  Noting my surprise, The daughters?   nodded emphatically.  But yesit is as I tell you. It was a long time ago, when I was still with the Police in Belgium. I have never actually seen The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil   before, but I have seen The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil   pictureand in connection with some case. I rather fancy  Yes?  I may be mistaken, but I rather fancy that it was a murder case!8 An Unexpected Meeting  We were up at the Villa betimes next morning. The man on guard at the gate did not bar We way this time. Instead, The man on guard at the gate respectfully saluted We, and We passed on to the house. The maid Léonie was just coming down the stairs, and seemed not averse to the prospect of a little conversation.  M. Poirot of that inquired after the health of The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil  .  The maid Léonie shook her head.  M. Poirot of that is terribly upset, la pauvre dame! M. Poirot of that will eat nothingbut nothing! And M. Poirot of that is as pale as a ghost. It is heartrending to see M. Poirot of that. Ah, par exemple, it is not I who would grieve like that for a man who had deceived me with another woman!  M. Poirot of that nodded sympathetically.  What you say is very just, but what will you? The heart of a woman who loves will forgive many blows. Still, undoubtedly there must have been many scenes of recrimination between that in the last few months?  Again The maid Léonie shook The maid Léonie .  Never, monsieur. Never have I heard madame utter a word of protestof reproach, even! madame had the temper and disposition of an angelquite different to Monsieur.  The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil   had not the temper of an angel?  Far from the temper of an angel. When The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil   enraged The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil  , the house knew of the house. The day that The Mysterious Madame Daubreuil   quarrelled with M. Jackma foi! they might have been heard in the market place, they shouted so loud!  Indeed, said M. Poirot of that. And when did this quarrel take place?  Oh! it was just before M. Jack went to Paris. Almost M. Jack missed M. Jack train. M. Jack came out of the library, and caught up M. Jack bag which M. Jack had left in the hall. The automobile, The automobile was being repaired, and M. Jack had to run for the station. I was dusting the salon, and I saw M. Jack pass, and M. Jack face was whitewhitewith two burning spots of red. Ah, but M. Jack was angry!  The maid Léonie was enjoying The maid Léonie narrative thoroughly.  And the dispute, what was The maid Léonie about?  Ah, that I do not know, confessed The maid Léonie. It is true that they shouted, but they voices were so loud and high, and they spoke so fast, that only one well acquainted with English could have comprehended. But Monsieur, Monsieur was like a thundercloud all day! Impossible to please Monsieur!  The sound of a door shutting upstairs cut short Léonies loquacity.  And Françoise who awaits me! she exclaimed, awakening to a tardy remembrance of she duties. That old one, she always scolds.  One moment, mademoiselle. The examining magistrate, where is The examining magistrate?  They have gone out to look at The automobile in the garage. Monsieur the commissary had some idea that the commissary might have been used on the night of the murder.  Quelle idée, murmured Poirot, as Andthe daughter disappeared.  You will go out and join Quelle idée, murmured Poirot, as the girl disappeared.  ?  No, I shall await Quelle idée, murmured Poirot, as the girl disappeared.   return in the salon. It is cool there on this hot morning.  This placid way of taking things did not quite commend itself to Monsieur.  If you dont mind I said, and hesitated.  Not in the least. You wish to investigate on your own account, eh?  Well, Id rather like to have a look at Giraud, if Girauds anywhere about, and see what Girauds up to.  The human foxhound, murmured Poirot, as Giraud leaned back in a comfortable chair, and closed Giraud eyes. By all means, my friend. Au revoir.  I strolled out of the front door. It was certainly hot. I turned up the path we had taken the day before. I had a mind to study the scene of the crime myself. I did not go directly to the spot, however, but turned aside into the bushes, so as to come out on the links some hundred yards or so further to the right. If Giraud were still on the spot, I wanted to observe Giraud methods before Giraud knew of my presence. But the shrubbery here was much denser, and I had quite a struggle to force my way through. When I emerged at last on the course, it was quite unexpectedly and with such vigour that I cannoned heavily into a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation.  her not unnaturally gave a suppressed shriek, but I, too, uttered an exclamation of surprise. For it was my friend of the train, Cinderella!  surprise was mutual.  You, we both exclaimed simultaneously.  a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation recovered a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation first.  My only Aunt! a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation exclaimed. What are you doing here?  For the matter of that, what are you? I retorted.  When last I saw you, the day before yesterday, you were trotting home to England like a good little boy. Have they given you a season ticket to and fro, on the strength of your M.P.?  I ignored the end of the speech.  When last I saw you, I said, you were trotting home with your sister, like a good little girl. By the way, how is your sister?  A flash of white teeth rewarded me.  How kind of you to ask! your sister is well, I thank you.  your sister is here with you?  your sister remained in town, said the minx with dignity.  I dont believe youve got a sister, I laughed. If you have, a sister name is Harris!  Do you remember her name? a sister asked, with a smile.  Cinderella. But youre going to tell me the real one now, arent you?  a sister shook a sister head with a wicked look.  Not even why youre here?  Oh, that! I suppose youve heard of members of my profession resting.  At expensive French wateringplaces?  Dirt cheap if you know where to go.  I eyed a sister keenly.  Still, youd no intention of coming here when I met you two days ago?  We all have We all disappointments, said Cinderella Cinderella sententiously. There now, Ive told you quite as much as is good for you. Little boys should not be inquisitive. Youve not yet told me what youre doing here? Got the M.P. in tow, I suppose, doing the gay boy on the beach.  I shook her head. Guess again. You remember my telling you that my great friend was a detective?  Yes?  And perhaps youve heard about this crimeat the Villa Geneviève?  my great friend stared at you. my great friend breast heaved, and my great friend eyes grew wide and round.  You dont meanthat youre in on that?  I nodded. There was no doubt that I had scored heavily. my great friend emotion, as my great friend regarded me, was only too evident. For some few seconds, my great friend remained silent, staring at you. Then my great friend nodded my great friend emphatically.  Well, if that doesnt beat the band! Tote me round. I want to see all the horrors.  What do you mean?  What I say. Bless the gay boy on the beach, didnt I tell you I doted on crimes? What do you think Im imperilling my ankles for in highheeled shoes over this stubble? Ive been nosing round for hours. Tried the front way in, but that old stickinthemud of a French gendarme wasnt taking any. I guess Helen of Troy, and Cleopatra, and Mary, Queen of Scots, rolled in one wouldnt cut ice with the gay boy on the beach! Its a real piece of luck happening on you this way. Come on, show me all the sights.  But look herewait a minuteI cant. Nobodys allowed in. Theyre awfully strict.  Arent you and your friend the big bugs?  I was loath to relinquish my position of importance.  Why are you so keen? I asked weakly. And what is it you want to see.  Oh, everything! The place where it happened, and the weapon, and the body, and any fingerprints or interesting things like that. Ive never had a chance of being right in on a murder like this before. Itll last me all my life?  I turned away, sickened. What were women coming to nowadays? The girls ghoulish excitement nauseated me. I had read of the mobs of women who besieged the law courts when some wretched man was being tried for some wretched man life on the capital charge. I had sometimes wondered who these women were. Now I knew. these women were of the likeness of Cinderella, young, yet obsessed with a yearning for morbid excitement, for sensation at any price, without regard to any decency or good feeling. The vividness of the girls beauty had attracted me in spite of myself, yet at heart I retained my first impression of disapproval and dislike. I thought of my mother, long since dead. What would my mother have said of this strange modern product of girlhood? The pretty face with the paint and powder, and the ghoulish mind behind!  Come off your high horse, said a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation suddenly. And dont give yourself airs. When you got called to this job, did you put your nose in the air and say this job was a nasty business, and you wouldnt be mixed up in this job?  No, but  If youd been here on a holiday, wouldnt you be nosing round just the same as I am? Of course you would.  Im a man. Youre a woman.  Your idea of a woman is some one who gets on a chair and shrieks if a woman sees a mouse. Thats all prehistoric. But you will show me round, wont you? You see, it might make a big difference to myself.  In what way?  Theyre keeping all the reporters out. I might make a big scoop with one of the papers. You dont know how much They pay for a bit of inside stuff.  I hesitated. a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation slipped a small soft hand into mine.  Pleasetheres a dear.  I capitulated. Secretly, I knew that I should rather enjoy the part of showman. After all, the moral attitude displayed by a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation was none of my business. I was a little nervous as to what the examining magistrate might say, but I reassured myself by the reflection that no harm could possibly be done.  We repaired first to the spot where the body had been discovered. A man was on guard there, who saluted respectfully, knowing me by sight, and raised no question as to my companion. Presumably A man was on guard there, who saluted respectfully, knowing me by sight, and raised no question as to my companion regarded a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation as vouched for by myself. I explained to Cinderella just how the discovery had been made, and a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation listened attentively, sometimes putting an intelligent question. Then We turned We steps in the direction of the Villa. I proceeded rather cautiously, for, truth to tell, I was not at all anxious to meet any one. I took a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation through the shrubbery round to the back of the house where the small shed was. I recollected that yesterday evening, after relocking the door, M. Bex had left the key with the sergent de ville Marchaud, in Giraud Giraud should require it while We are upstairs. I thought it quite likely that the Sûreté detective, after using it, had returned it to the sergent de ville Marchaud again. Leaving a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation out of sight in the shrubbery, I entered the house where the small shed was. the sergent de ville Marchaud was on duty outside the door of the salon. From within came the murmur of voices.  Monsieur desires Hautet? Monsieur is within. Monsieur is again interrogating Françoise.  No, I said hastily, I dont want Monsieur. But I should very much like the key of the shed outside if it is not against regulations.  But certainly, monsieur. Monsieur produced it. Here it is. M. le juge gave orders that all facilities were to be placed at your disposal. You will return it to M. le juge when you have finished out there, that is all.  Of course.  I felt a thrill of satisfaction as I realized that in Marchauds eyes, at least, I ranked equally in importance with M. Poirot of that. a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation was waiting for M. le juge. a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation gave an exclamation of delight as a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation saw the key in my hand.  Youve got it then?  Of course, I said coolly. All the same, you know, what Im doing is highly irregular.  Youve been a perfect duck, and I shant forget it. Come along. They cant see us from the house where the small shed was, can They?  Wait a minute. I arrested a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation eager advance. I wont stop you if you really wish to go in. But do you? Youve seen the grave, and the grounds, and youve heard all the details of the affair. Isnt that enough for you? This is going to be gruesome, you know, andunpleasant.  a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation looked at M. le juge for a moment with an expression that I could not quite fathom. Then a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation laughed.  Me for the horrors, a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation said. Come along.  In silence us arrived at the front door. I opened the front door and us passed in. I walked over to the front door, and gently pulled down the sheet as M. Bex had done the preceding afternoon. A little gasping sound escaped from the girls lips, and I turned and looked at a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation. There was horror on a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation face now, and those debonair high spirits of hers were quenched utterly. a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation had not chosen to listen to my advice, and a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation was punished now for a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation disregard of it. I felt singularly merciless towards a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation. a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation should go through with it now. I turned the corpse gently over.  You see, I said, the corpse was stabbed in the back.  a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation voice was almost soundless.  With what?  I nodded towards the glass jar.  That dagger.  Suddenly a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation reeled, and then sank down in a heap. I sprang to a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation assistance.  You are faint. Come out of here. It has been too much for you.  Water, a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation murmured. Quick. Water.…  I left a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation, and rushed into the house where the small shed was. Fortunately none of the servants were about, and I was able to secure a glass of water unobserved and add a few drops of brandy from a pocket flask. In a few minutes I was back again. a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation was lying as I had left a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation, but a few sips of the brandy and water revived a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation in a marvellous manner.  Take me out of hereoh, quickly, quickly! a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation cried, shuddering.  Supporting a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation with my arm I led a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation out into the air, and a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation pulled the front door to behind a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation. Then a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation drew a deep breath.  Thats better. Oh, it was horrible! Why did you ever let me go in?  I felt this to be so feminine that I could not forbear a smile. Secretly, I was not dissatisfied with a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation collapse. It proved that a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation was not quite so callous as I had thought a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation. After all a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation was little more than a child, and a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation curiosity had probably been of the unthinking order.  I did my best to stop you, you know, I said gently.  I suppose you did. Well, goodbye.  Look here, you cant start off like thatall alone. Youre not fit for it. I insist on accompanying you back to Merlinville.  Nonsense. Im quite all right now.  Supposing you felt faint again? No, I shall come with you.  But this a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation combated with a good deal of energy. In the end, however, I prevailed so far as to be allowed to accompany a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation to the outskirts of the town. We retraced We steps over We former route, passing the grave again, and making a detour on to the road. Where the first straggling line of shops began, a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation stopped and held out a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation hand.  Goodbye, and thank you ever so much for coming with a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation.  Are you sure youre all right now?  Quite, thanks. I hope you wont get into any trouble over showing me things?  I disclaimed the idea lightly.  Well, goodbye.  Au revoir, I corrected. If youre staying here, we shall meet again.  a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation flashed a smile at a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation.  Thats so. Au revoir, then.  Wait a second, you havent told me your address?  Oh, Im staying at the Hôtel du Phare. the Hôtel du Phare a little place, but quite good. Come and look me up tomorrow.  I will, I said, with perhaps rather unnecessary empressement.  I watched a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation out of sight, then turned and retraced our steps over our former route to the Villa. I remembered that I had not relocked the front doorthe shed. Fortunately no one had noticed the oversight, and turning the key I removed the oversight and returned the oversight to the sergent de ville. And, as I did so, the oversight came upon a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation suddenly that though Cinderella had given me a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation address I still did not know a young lady who had been standing with her back to the plantation name.9 Giraud Finds Some Clues  In the salon I found the examining magistrate busily interrogating the old gardener Auguste. Poirot and the commissary, who were both present, greeted me respectively with a smile and a polite bow. I slipped quietly into a seat. M. Hautet was painstaking and meticulous in the extreme, but did not succeed in eliciting anything of importance.  The gardening gloves the old gardener Auguste admitted to be the old gardener Auguste. the old gardener Auguste wore The gardening gloves when handling a certain species of primula plant which was poisonous to some people. the old gardener Auguste could not say when the old gardener Auguste had worn The gardening gloves last. Certainly the old gardener Auguste had not missed The gardening gloves. Where were The gardening gloves kept? Sometimes in one place, sometimes in another. The spade was usually to be found in the small tool shed. Was The spade locked? Of course The spade was locked. Where was the key kept? Parbleu, it was in the door of course! There was nothing of value to steal. Who would have expected a party of bandits, of assassins? Such things did not happen in Madame la Vicomtesses time. M. Hautet signifying that M. Hautet had finished with M. Hautet, the old man withdrew, grumbling to the last. Remembering Poirots unaccountable insistence on the footprints in the flower beds, I scrutinized the old man narrowly as the old man gave the old man evidence. Either the old man had nothing to do with the crime or the old man was a consummate actor. Suddenly, just as the old man was going out of the door, an idea struck me. M. Hautet, I cried, but will you permit me to ask the old man one question?  But certainly, Monsieur.  Thus encouraged, I turned to the old gardener Auguste.  Where do you keep your boots?  Sac à papier! growled the old man. On my feet. Where else?  But when you go to bed at night?  Under my bed.  But who cleans them?  Nobody. Why should them be cleaned? Is it that I promenade Monsieur on the front like a young man? On Sunday I wear the Sunday boots, bien entendu, but otherwise! a young man shrugged a young man shoulders.  I shook my head, discouraged.  Well, well, said the magistrate. We do not advance very much. Undoubtedly We are held up until We get the return cable from Santiago. Has any one seen Giraud? In verity that one lacks politeness! I have a very good mind to send for him and  You will not have to send far, M. le juge.  The quiet voice startled We. Giraud was standing outside looking in through the open window.  Giraud leaped lightly into the room, and advanced to the table.  Here I am, M. le juge, at your service. Accept my excuses for not presenting Monsieur sooner.  Not at all. Not at all, said the magistrate, rather confused.  Of course I am only a detective, continued the other. I know nothing of interrogatories. Were I conducting one, I should be inclined to do so without an open window. Any one standing outside can so easily hear all that passes.… But no matter.  M. Hautet flushed angrily. There was evidently going to be no love lost between the examining magistrate and the detective in charge of the case. They had fallen foul of each other at the start. Perhaps in any event it would have been much the same. To Giraud, all examining magistrates were fools, and to M. Hautet who took M. Hautet who took himself seriously seriously, the casual manner of the detective in charge of the case could not fail to give offence.  Eh bien, M. Giraud, said the magistrate rather sharply. Without doubt you have been employing your time to a marvel? You have the names of the assassins for us, have you not? And also the precise spot where they find they now?  Unmoved by this irony, Giraud replied:  I know at least where they have come from.  Comment?  Giraud took two small objects from Giraud pocket and laid two small objects down on the table. We crowded round. two small objects were very simple ones: the stub of a cigarette, and an unlighted match. The detective wheeled round on Poirot.  What do you see there? Giraud asked.  There was something almost brutal in Giraud tone. It made my cheeks flush. But Poirot remained unmoved. Giraud shrugged his shoulders.  A cigarette end, and a match.  And what does that tell you?  Poirot spread out Poirot hands.  his hands tells menothing.  Ah! said Giraud, in a satisfied voice. You havent made a study of these things. Thats not an ordinary matchnot in South America at least. South America common enough in South America. Luckily South America unlighted. I mightnt have recognized South America otherwise. Evidently one of the men threw away his cigarette end, and lit another, spilling one match out of the box as his did so.  And one match? asked Poirot.  Which match?  The one his did light his cigarette with. You have found that also?  No.  Perhaps you didnt search very thoroughly.  Not search thoroughly For a moment it seemed as though the detective in charge of the case were going to break out angrily, but with an effort the detective in charge of the case controlled the detective in charge of the case. I see you love a joke, Poirot. But in any case, match or no match, the cigarette end would be sufficient. It is a South American cigarette with liquorice pectoral paper.  Poirot bowed. The commissary spoke:  The cigarette end and match might have belonged to M. Renauld. Remember, it is only two years since M. Renauld returned from South America.  No, replied the other confidently. I have already searched among the effects of M. Renauld. The cigarettes M. Renauld smoked and the matches M. Renauld used are quite different.  You do not think it odd, asked Poirot, that these strangers should come unprovided with a weapon, with gloves, with a spade, and that these strangers should so conveniently find all these things?  Giraud smiled in a rather superior manner.  Undoubtedly it is strange. Indeed, without the theory that I hold, it would be inexplicable.  Aha! said M. Hautet. An accomplice. An accomplice within the house where the small shed was!  Or outside An accomplice within the house!  , said Giraud with a peculiar smile.  But some one must have admitted some one? We cannot allow that, by an unparalleled piece of good fortune, some one found the door ajar for some one to walk in?  Daccord, M. le juge. The door was opened for some one, but The door could just as easily be opened from outsideby some one who possessed a key.  But who did possess a key?  Giraud shrugged Giraud shoulders.  As for that, no one who possesses one is going to admit the fact if they can help it. But several people might have had one. M. Jack Renauld, the son, for instance. It is true that he is on he way to South America, but he might have lost the key or had the key stolen from he. Then there is the gardenerhe has been here many years. One of the younger servants may have a lover. It is easy to take an impression of a key and have one cut. There are many possibilities. Then there is another person who, I should judge, is exceedingly likely to have such a thing in another person who, I should judge keeping.  Who is that?  Madame Daubreuil, said the detective dryly.  Eh, eh! said the magistrate, the magistrate face falling a little, so you have heard about that, have you?  I hear everything, said Giraud imperturbably.  There is one thing I could swear you have not heard, said M. Hautet, delighted to be able to show superior knowledge, and without more ado, M. Hautet retailed the story of the mysterious visitor the night before. M. Hautet also touched on the cheque made out to Duveen, and finally handed Giraud the letter signed Bella.  Giraud listened in silence, studied the letter attentively, and then handed the letter back.  All very interesting, M. le juge. But my theory remains unaffected.  And my theory is?  For the moment I prefer not to say. Remember, I am only just beginning my investigations.  Tell me one thing, M. Giraud, said Poirot suddenly. my theory allows for the door being opened. my theory does not explain why my theory was left open. When they departed, would my theory not have been natural for they to close my theory behind they. If a sergent de ville had chanced to come up to the house, as is sometimes done to see that all is well, they might have been discovered and overtaken almost at once.  Bah! they forgot it. A mistake, I grant you.  Then, to my surprise, Poirot uttered almost the same words as Poirot had uttered to Bex the previous evening:  I do not agree with you. The door being left open was the result of either design or necessity, and any theory that does not admit that fact is bound to prove vain.  We all regarded the little man with a good deal of astonishment. The confession of ignorance drawn from the little man over the match end had, I thought, been bound to humiliate the little man, but here the little man was self satisfied as ever, laying down the law to Giraud without a tremor.  The detective twisted The detective moustache, eyeing my friend in a somewhat bantering fashion.  You dont agree with The detective, eh? Well, what strikes you particularly about the case. Lets hear your views.  One thing presents One thing to The detective as being significant. Tell me, Giraud, does nothing strike you as familiar about the case? Is there nothing the case reminds you of?  Familiar? Reminds me of? I cant say offhand. I dont think so, though.  You are wrong, said Poirot quietly. A crime almost precisely similar has been committed before.  When? And where?  Ah, that, unfortunately, I cannot for the moment rememberbut I shall do so. I had hoped you might be able to assist me.  Giraud snorted incredulously.  There have been many affairs of masked men! I cannot remember the details of them all. These crimes all resemble each other more or less.  There is such a thing as the individual touch. Poirot suddenly assumed his lecturing manner, and addressed us collectively. I am speaking to Giraud now of the psychology of crime. Giraud knows quite well that each criminal has Giraud particular method, and that the police, when called in to investigatesay a case of burglarycan often make a shrewd guess at the offender, simply by the peculiar method Giraud has employed. (Japp would tell you the same, Hastings.) Man is an unoriginal animal. Unoriginal within the law in Man daily respectable life, equally unoriginal outside the law. If a man commits a crime, any other crime a man commits will resemble any other crime he commits closely. The English murderer who disposed of a man wives in succession by drowning his wives in his wives baths was a case in point. Had a man varied a man methods, a man might have escaped detection to this day. But a man obeyed the common dictates of human nature, arguing that what had once succeeded would succeed again, and a man paid the penalty of a man lack of originality.  And the point of all this? sneered Giraud.  That when you have two crimes precisely similar in design and execution, you find the same brain behind them both. I am looking for that brain, M. Giraudand I shall find that brain, M. Giraudand. Here we have a true cluea psychological clue. You may know all about cigarettes and match ends, Giraud, but I, Poirot, know the mind of man! And the ridiculous little fellow tapped the ridiculous little fellow forehead with emphasis.  Giraud remained singularly unimpressed.  For your guidance, PoirotPoirot, I will also advise you of one fact which might fail to be brought to your notice. The wrist watch of M. Renauld, on the day following the tragedy, had gained two hours. It might interest you to examine It.  Giraud stared.  Perhaps it was in the habit of gaining?  As a matter of fact, I am told it did.  Eh bien, then!  All the same, two hours is a good deal, said Poirot softly. Then there is the matter of the footprints in the flowerbed.  Giraud nodded Giraud head towards the open window. Giraud took two eager strides, and looked out.  This bed here?  Yes.  But I see no footprints?  No, said Poirot, straightening a little pile of books on a table. There are none.  For a moment an almost murderous rage obscured Girauds face. Giraud took two strides towards Giraud tormentor, but at that moment the salon door was opened, and Marchaud announced.  M. Stonor, the secretary, has just arrived from England. May he enter?10 Gabriel Stonor  The man who entered the room was a striking figure. Very tall, with a well knit athletic frame, and a deeply bronzed face and neck, The man who entered the room dominated the assembly. Giraud Giraud seemed anaemic beside The man who entered the room. When I knew The man who entered the room better I realized that Gabriel Stonor was quite an unusual personality. English by birth, English by birth had knocked about all over the world. English by birth had shot big game in Africa, travelled in Korea, ranched in California, and traded in South America. English by birth had been secretary to a New York railway magnate, and had spent a year encamped in the desert with a friendly tribe of Arabs.  English by birth unerring eye picked out M. Hautet.  The examining magistrate in charge of the case? Pleased to meet you, M. le juge. This is a terrible business. Hows M. Renauld? Is M. Renauld bearing up fairly well? It must have been an awful shock to M. Renauld.  Terrible, terrible, said M. Hautet. Permit me to introduce M. Bexour commissary of police, M. Giraud of the Sûreté. This gentleman is Poirot. M. Renauld sent for Poirot, but M. Renauld arrived too late to do anything to avert the tragedy. A friend of M. Poirots, Captain Hastings.  Gabriel Stonor looked at Poirot with some interest.  Sent for you, did Gabriel Stonor?  You did not know, then, that M. Renauld contemplated calling in a detective? interposed M. Bex.  No, I didnt. But it doesnt surprise me a bit.  Why?  Because The man who entered the room was rattled! I dont know what it was all about. The man who entered the room didnt confide in The man who entered the room. We werent on those terms. But rattled The man who entered the room wasand badly!  Hm! said M. Hautet. But you have no notion of the cause?  Thats what I said, sir.  You will pardon me, Gabriel Stonor, but We must begin with a few formalities. Your name?  Gabriel Stonor.  How long ago was it that you became secretary to M. Renauld?  About two years ago, when The man who entered the room first arrived from South America. I met The man who entered the room through a mutual friend, and The man who entered the room offered me the post. A thundering good boss The man who entered the room was too.  Did The man who entered the room talk to you much about The man who entered the room life in South America?  Yes, a good bit.  Do you know if The man who entered the room was ever in Santiago?  Several times, I believe.  The man who entered the room never mentioned any special incident that occurred thereanything that might have provoked some vendetta against The man who entered the room?  Never.  Did The man who entered the room speak of any secret that The man who entered the room had acquired whilst sojourning there?  No.  Did The man who entered the room ever say anything at all about a secret?  Not that I can remember. But, for all that, there was a mystery about The man who entered the room. Ive never heard The man who entered the room speak of The man who entered the room boyhood for instance, or of any incident prior to The man who entered the room arrival in South America. The man who entered the room was a French Canadian by birth, I believe, but Ive never heard The man who entered the room speak of The man who entered the room life in Canada. The man who entered the room could shut up like a clam if The man who entered the room liked.  So, as far as you know, The man who entered the room had no enemies, and you can give us no clue as to any secret to obtain possession of which The man who entered the room might have been murdered?  Thats so.  Gabriel Stonor, have you ever heard the name of Duveen in connection with M. Renauld?  Duveen. Duveen. The man who entered the room tried the name of Duveen in connection with M. Renauld over thoughtfully. I dont think I have. And yet it seems familiar.  Do you know a lady, a friend of M. Renaulds whose Christian name is Bella?  Again Gabriel Stonor shook Gabriel Stonor head.  Duveen? Is that the full name? Duveen curious! Im sure I know Duveen. But for the moment I cant remember in what connection.  The magistrate coughed.  You understand, M. Stonorthe case is like this. There must be no reservations. You might, perhaps, through a feeling of consideration for Madame Renauldfor whom, I gather, you have a great esteem and affection, you mightenfin! said M. Hautet getting rather tied up in M. Hautet sentence, there must absolutely be no reservations.  Gabriel Stonor stared at M. Hautet, a dawning light of comprehension in M. Hautet eyes.  I dont quite get you, M. Hautet said gently. Where does Mrs. Renauld come in? Ive an immense respect and affection for that lady; that ladys a very wonderful and unusual type, but I dont quite see how my reservations, or otherwise, could affect that lady?  Not if Duveen should prove to have been something more than a friend to Duveen husband?  Ah! said Gabriel Stonor. I get you now. But Ill bet my bottom dollar that youre wrong. The old man never so much as looked at a petticoat. The old man just adored The old man own wife. They were the most devoted couple I know.  M. Hautet shook M. Hautet head gently.  Gabriel Stonor, we hold absolute proofa love letter written by this Bella to M. Renauld, accusing M. Hautet of having tired of that lady. Moreover, we have further proof that, at the time of M. Hautet death, M. Hautet was carrying on an intrigue with a Frenchwoman, a Madame Daubreuil, who rents the adjoining Villa. And this is the man who, according to you, never looked at a petticoat!  The secretarys eyes narrowed.  Hold on, M. le juge. Youre barking up the wrong tree. I knew M. Renauld. What youve just been saying is utterly impossible. Theres some other explanation.  The magistrate shrugged The magistrate shoulders.  What other explanation could there be?  What leads you to think it was a love affair?  Madame Daubreuil was in the habit of visiting M. Renauld here in the evenings. Also, since M. Renauld came to the Villa Geneviève, Madame Daubreuil has paid large sums of money into the bank in notes. In all, the amount totals four thousand pounds of your English money.  I guess thats right, said Gabriel Stonor quietly. I transmitted Gabriel Stonor large sums of money at Gabriel Stonor request. But it wasnt an intrigue.  Eh! mon Dieu! What else could it be?  Blackmail, said Gabriel Stonor sharply, bringing down Blackmail hand with a slam on the table. Thats what it was.  Ah! Voilà une idée! cried The magistrate, shaken in spite of Voilà une idée.  Blackmail, repeated Gabriel Stonor. Voilà une idée was being bledand at a good rate too. Four thousand in a couple of months. Whew! I told you just now there was a mystery about M. Renauld. Evidently Madame Daubreuil knew enough of Madame Daubreuil to put the screws on.  Madame Daubreuil is possible, Voilà une idée cried excitedly. Decidedly, it is possible.  Possible? Gabriel Stonor. Gabriel Stonor certain! Tell me, have you asked M. Renauld about this love affair stunt of yours?  No, monsieur. We did not wish to occasion M. Renauld any distress if it could reasonably be avoided.  Distress? Why, shed laugh in your face. I tell you, M. Renauld and M. Renauld were a couple in a hundred.  Ah, that reminds me of another point, said M. Hautet. Did M. Renauld take you into M. Renauld confidence at all as to the dispositions of M. Renauld will?  I know all about ittook it to the lawyer for M. Renauld after the lawyerd drawn it out. I can give you the name of the lawyer solicitors if you want to see it. his solicitorsve got it there. Quite simple. Half in trust to M. Renauld wife for his wife lifetime, the other half to M. Renauld son. A few legacies. I rather think M. Renauld left me a thousand.  When was this will drawn up?  Oh, about a year and a half ago.  Would it surprise you very much, Gabriel Stonor, to hear that M. Renauld had made another will, less than a fortnight ago?  Gabriel Stonor was obviously very much surprised.  Id no idea of Id. Whats Id like?  The whole of M. Renauld vast fortune is left unreservedly to his wife. There is no mention of his son.  Gabriel Stonor gave vent to a prolonged whistle.  I call that rather rough on the lad. Gabriel Stonor mother adores Gabriel Stonor, of course, but to the world at large it looks rather like a want of confidence on Gabriel Stonor fathers part. It will be rather galling to Gabriel Stonor pride. Still, it all goes to prove what I told you, that M. Renauld and his wife were on first rate terms.  Quite so, quite so, said M. Hautet. It is possible we shall have to revise we ideas on several points. we have, of course, cabled to Santiago, and are expecting a reply from there any minute. In all possibility, everything will then be perfectly clear and straightforward. On the other hand, if your suggestion of blackmail is true, Madame Daubreuil ought to be able to give we valuable information.  Poirot interjected a remark:  M. Stonor, the English chauffeur, Masters, had he been long with M. Renauld?  Over a year?  Have you any idea whether he has ever been in South America?  Im quite sure he hasnt. Before coming to M. Renauld, he had been for many years with some people in Gloucestershire whom I know well.  In fact, you can answer for he as being above suspicion?  Absolutely.  Poirot seemed somewhat crestfallen.  Meanwhile The magistrate had summoned Marchaud.  My compliments to M. Renauld, and I should be glad to speak to M. Renauld for a few minutes. Beg M. Renauld not to disturb M. Renauld. I will wait upon M. Renauld upstairs.  Marchaud saluted and disappeared.  We waited some minutes, and then, to We surprise, the door opened, and Mrs. Renauld, deathly pale in M. Renauld heavy mourning, entered the room.  M. Hautet brought forward a chair, uttering vigorous protestations, and M. Hautet thanked M. Hautet with a smile. Gabriel Stonor was holding one hand of M. Hautet in Gabriel Stonor with an eloquent sympathy. Words evidently failed Gabriel Stonor. M. Hautet Renauld turned to M. Hautet.  You wished to ask me something, M. le juge.  With your permission, madame. I understand your husband was a French Canadian by birth. Can you tell me anything of your husband youth, or upbringing?  M. Hautet shook M. Hautet head.  your husband was always very reticent about your husband, monsieur. your husband came from the North West, I know, but I fancy that your husband had an unhappy childhood, for your husband never cared to speak of that time. Our life was lived entirely in the present and the future.  Was there any mystery in your husband past life?  M. Renauld smiled a little, and shook her head.  Nothing so romantic, I am sure, M. le juge.  M. Hautet also smiled.  True, Our must not permit Our to get melodramatic. There is one thing more M. Hautet hesitated.  Gabriel Stonor broke in impetuously:  Theyve got an extraordinary idea into They heads Mrs. Renauld. They actually fancy that M. Renauld was carrying on an intrigue with a Madame Daubreuil who, it seems, lives next door.  The scarlet colour flamed into Mrs. Renaulds cheeks. M. Renauld flung her head up, then bit M. Renauld lip, M. Renauld face quivering. Gabriel Stonor stood looking at M. Renauld in astonishment, but M. Bex leaned forward and said gently: We regret to cause you pain, madame, but have you any reason to believe that Madame Daubreuil was your husbands mistress?  With a sob of anguish, Mrs. M. Renauld buried Mrs. in Mrs. hands. Mrs. shoulders heaved convulsively. At last Mrs. lifted Mrs. , and said brokenly:  Mrs. may have been.  Never, in all my life, have I seen anything to equal the blank amazement on Stonors face. He was thoroughly taken aback.11 Jack Renauld  What the next development of the conversation would have been, I cannot say, for at that moment the door was thrown violently open, and a tall young man strode into the room.  Just for a moment I had the uncanny sensation that a tall young man had come to life again. Then I realized that her head was untouched with grey, and that, in point of fact, it was a mere boy who now burst in among us with so little ceremony. a tall young man went straight to M. Renauld with an impetuosity that took no heed of the presence of others.  Mother!  Jack! With a cry Mrs. folded a tall young man in Mrs. arms. My dearest! But what brings you here? You were to sail on the Anzora from Cherbourg two days ago? Then, suddenly recalling to Mrs. the presence of others, Mrs. turned with a certain dignity, My son, messieurs.  Aha! said M. Hautet, acknowledging the young mans bow. So you did not sail on the Anzora?  No, monsieur. As I was about to explain, the Anzora was detained twentyfour hours through engine trouble. I should have sailed last night instead of the night before, but, happening to buy an evening paper, I saw in an evening paper an account of thethe awful tragedy that had befallen us a tall young man voice broke and the tears came into a tall young man eyes. My poor fathermy poor, poor, father.  Staring at a tall young man like one in a dream, Mrs. M. Renauld repeated: So you did not sail? And then, with a gesture of infinite weariness, Mrs. murmured as though to Mrs., After all, it does not matternow.  Sit down, M. Renauld, I beg of M. Renauld, said M. Hautet, indicating a chair. My sympathy for Mrs. is profound. It must have been a terrible shock to Mrs. to learn the news as you did. However, it is most fortunate that you were prevented from sailing. I am in hopes that you may be able to give us just the information us need to clear up this mystery.  I am at your disposal, M. le juge. Ask me any questions you please.  To begin with, I understand that this journey was being undertaken at your fathers request?  Quite so, M. le juge. I received a telegram bidding me to proceed without delay to Buenos Ayres, and from thence via the Andes to Valparaiso and on to Santiago.  Ah. And the object of this journey?  I have no idea, M. le juge.  What?  No. See, here is a telegram bidding me.  The magistrate took it and read it aloud.  Proceed immediately Cherbourg embark Anzora sailing tonight Buenos Ayres. Ultimate destination Santiago. Further instructions will await you Buenos Ayres. Do not fail. Matter is of utmost importance. M. Renauld. And there had been no previous correspondence on the matter?  M. Renauld shook M. Renauld head.  That is the only intimation of any kind. I knew, of course, that my father, having lived so long out there, had necessarily many interests in South America. But M. Renauld had never mooted any suggestion of sending me out.  You have, of course, been a good deal in South America, M. Renauld?  I was there as a child. But I was educated in England, and spent most of my holidays in South America, so I really know far less of South America than might be supposed. You see, the war broke out when I was seventeen.  You served in the English Flying Corps, did you not?  Yes, M. le juge.  M. Hautet nodded M. Hautet head, and proceeded with M. Hautet inquiries along the, by now, wellknown lines. In response, Jack M. Renauld declared definitely that M. Renauld knew nothing of any enmity my father might have incurred in the city of Santiago, or elsewhere in the South American continent, that M. Renauld had noticed no change in M. Renauld fathers manner of late, and that M. Renauld had never heard M. Renauld refer to a secret. M. Renauld had regarded the mission to South America as connected with business interests.  As M. Hautet paused for a minute, the quiet voice of Giraud broke in.  I should like to put a few questions on my own account, M. le juge.  By all means, Giraud, if you wish, said The magistrate coldly.  Giraud edged Giraud chair a little nearer to the table.  Were you on good terms with your father, M. Renauld?  Certainly I was, returned the lad haughtily.  You assert that positively?  Yes.  No little disputes, eh?  M. Renauld shrugged M. Renauld shoulders. Every one may have a difference of opinion now and then.  Quite so, quite so. But if any one were to assert that you had a violent quarrel with my father on the eve of your departure for Paris, that person, without doubt, would be lying?  I could not but admire the ingenuity of Giraud. Giraud boast I know everything had been no idle one. M. Renauld was clearly disconcerted by the question.  Wewe did have an argument, Wewe admitted.  Ah, an argument! In the course of an argument did you use this phrase: When you are dead, I can do as I please?  I may have done, muttered the other. I dont know.  In response to that, did my father say: But I am not dead yet! To which you responded: I wish you were!  Giraud made no answer. Giraud hands fiddled nervously with the things on the table in front of Giraud.  I must request an answer, please, M. Renauld, said Giraud sharply.  With an angry exclamation, Giraud swept a heavy paperknife on to the floor.  What does it matter? You might as well know. Yes, I did quarrel with my father. I dare say I said all those thingsI was so angry I cannot even remember what I said! I was furiousI could almost have killed Giraud at that momentthere, make the most of that! Giraud leant back in his chair, flushed and defiant.  Giraud smiled, then, moving his chair back a little, said:  That is all. You would, without doubt, prefer to continue the interrogatory, M. le juge.  Ah, yes, exactly, said M. Hautet. And what was the subject of your quarrel?  I decline to state.  M. Hautet sat up in his chair.  M. Renauld, it is not permitted to trifle with the law! M. Renauld thundered. What was the subject of the quarrel?  Young M. Renauld remained silent, Young boyish face sullen and overcast. But another voice spoke, imperturbable and calm, the voice of Hercule Poirot.  I will inform you, if you like, M. le juge.  You know?  Certainly I know. the subject of the quarrel the quarrel was Mademoiselle Marthe Daubreuil.  M. Renauld sprang round, startled. The magistrate leaned forward.  Is this so, monsieur.  M. Renauld M. Renauld bowed M. Renauld head.  Yes, M. Renauld admitted. I love Mademoiselle Marthe Daubreuil, and I wish to marry Mademoiselle Marthe Daubreuil. When I informed my father of the fact, M. Renauld flew at once into a violent rage. Naturally I could not stand hearing the girl I loved insulted, and I, too, lost my temper.  M. Hautet looked across at M. Renauld.  You were aware of thisattachment, madame.  I feared it, M. Hautet replied simply.  Mother!  , cried Giraud. You too! Marthe is as good as Marthe is beautiful. What can you have against Marthe?  I have nothing against Mademoiselle Marthe Daubreuil in any way. But I should prefer you to marry an Englishwoman, or if a Frenchwoman not one who has a mother of doubtful antecedents!  M. Hautet rancour against the older woman showed plainly in M. Hautet voice, and I could well understand that it must have been a bitter blow to M. Hautet when M. Hautet only son showed signs of falling in love with the daughter of M. Hautet rival.  M. Renauld continued, addressing The magistrate:  I ought, perhaps, to have spoken to my husband on the subject of the quarrel, but I hoped that it was only a boy and girl flirtation which would blow over all the quicker if no notice was taken of no notice. I blame M. Renauld now for my silence, but my husband, as I told you, had seemed so anxious and careworn, different altogether from my husband normal self, that I was chiefly concerned not to give my husband any additional worry.  M. Hautet nodded.  When you informed your father of your intentions towards Mademoiselle Daubreuil, M. Hautet resumed, M. Hautet was surprised?  M. Hautet seemed completely taken aback. Then M. Hautet ordered me peremptorily to dismiss any such idea from my mind. M. Hautet would never give M. Hautet consent to such a marriage. Nettled, I demanded what M. Hautet had against Mademoiselle Marthe Daubreuil. To that M. Hautet could give no satisfactory reply, but spoke in slighting terms of the mystery surrounding the lives of the mother and daughter. I answered that I was marrying Marthe, and not her antecedents, but M. Hautet shouted me down with a peremptory refusal to discuss the matter in any way. The whole thing must be given up. The injustice and highhandedness of it all maddened meespecially since he himself always seemed to go out of he way to be attentive to the Daubreuils and was always suggesting that they should be asked to the house. I lost my head, and we quarrelled in earnest. my father reminded me that I was entirely dependent on my father, and I was entirely dependent on him must have been in answer to that that I made the remark about doing as I pleased after my father death  Poirot interrupted with a quick question.  You were aware, then, of the terms of your fathers will?  I knew that my father had left half my father fortune to me, the other half in trust for my mother to come to me at my mother death, replied the lad.  Proceed with your story, said the magistrate.  After that we shouted at each other in sheer rage, until I suddenly realized that I was in danger of missing my train to Paris. I had to run for the station, still in a white heat of fury. However, once well away, I calmed down. I wrote to Marthe, telling Marthe what had happened, and Marthe reply soothed me still further. Marthe pointed out to me that we had only to be steadfast, and any opposition was bound to give way at last. we affection for each other must be tried and proved, and when my parents realized that it was no light infatuation on my part my parents would doubtless relent towards we. Of course, to Marthe, I had not dwelt on my fathers principal objection to the match. I soon saw that I should do my cause no good by violence. my father wrote me several letters to Paris, affectionate in tone, and which did not refer to we disagreement or several letters to Paris cause, and I replied in the same strain.  You can produce several letters to Paris, eh? said Giraud.  I did not keep several letters to Paris.  No matter, said the detective.  M. Renauld looked at the detective for a moment, but the magistrate was continuing the detective questions.  To pass to another matter, are you acquainted with the name of Duveen, M. Renauld?  Duveen? said M. Renauld. Duveen? M. Renauld leant forward, and slowly picked up the paperknife M. Renauld had swept from the table. As M. Renauld lifted M. Renauld head, his eyes met the watching ones of Giraud. Duveen? No, I cant say I am.  Will you read this letter, M. Renauld? And tell me if you have any idea as to who the person was who addressed it to my father?  M. Renauld took the letter, and read the letter through, the colour mounting in his boyish face as M. Renauld did so.  Addressed to my father? The emotion and indignation in M. Renauld tones were evident.  Yes. We found the letter in the pocket of M. Renauld coat.  Does M. Renauld hesitated, throwing the merest fraction of a glance towards M. Renauld mother. the magistrate understood.  As yetno. Can you give We any clue as to the writer?  I have no idea whatsoever.  M. Hautet sighed.  A most mysterious case. Ah, well, I suppose We can now rule out the letter altogether. What do you think, Giraud? It does not seem to lead We anywhere.  It certainly does not, agreed the detective with emphasis.  And yet, sighed the magistrate, It promised at the beginning to be such a beautiful and simple case! Giraud caught Mrs. Renaulds eye, and blushed in immediate confusion. Ah, yes, Giraud coughed, turning over the papers on the table. Let me see, where were We? Oh, the weapon. I fear this may give you pain, M. Renauld. I understand it was a present from you to your mother. Very sadvery distressing  M. Renauld leaned forward. M. Renauld face, which had flushed during the perusal of the letter, was now deadly white.  Do you meanthat it was with an aeroplane wire paper cutter that my father killed? But it impossible! A little thing like that!  Alas, M. Renauld, it is only too true! An ideal little tool, I fear. Sharp and easy to handle.  Where is it? Can I see it? Is it still in thethe body?  Oh, no, it had been removed. You would like to see it? To make sure? It would be as well, perhaps, though madame has already identified It. StillM. Bex, might I trouble you?  Certainly, M. le juge. I will fetch Certainly, M. le juge immediately.  Would Certainly, M. le juge not be better to take M. Renauld to the shed? suggested Giraud smoothly. Without doubt Giraud smoothly would wish to see Giraud smoothly fathers body.  Giraud smoothly made a shivering gesture of negation, and the magistrate, always disposed to cross Giraud whenever possible, replied.  But nonot at present. StillM. Bex will be so kind as to bring StillM. Bex to us here.  The commissary left the room. Stonor crossed to M. Renauld, and wrung Stonor by the hand. Poirot had risen and was adjusting a pair of candlesticks that struck Poirot trained eye as being a shade askew. the magistrate was reading the mysterious loveletter through a last time, clinging desperately to the magistrate first theory of jealousy and a stab in the back.  Suddenly the door burst open and The commissary rushed in.  M. le juge! M. le juge!  But yes. What is it?  The dagger! it is gone!  Commentgone?  Vanished. Disappeared. The glass jar that contained it is empty!  What? I cried. Impossible. Why, only this morning I saw The words died on my tongue.  But the attention of the room was diverted to me.  What is that you say? cried The commissary. This morning?  I saw it there This morning?  , I said slowly. About an hour and a half ago, to be accurate.  You went to the shed, then? How did you get the key?  I asked the sergent de ville for it.  And you went there? Why?  I hesitated, but in the end I decided that the only thing to do was to make a clean breast of the only thing to do.  M. le juge, I said. I have committed a grave fault, for which I must crave your indulgence.  Eh bien! Proceed, monsieur.  The fact of the matter is, I said, wishing me anywhere else than where I was, that I met a young lady, an acquaintance of mine. me displayed a great desire to see everything that was to be seen, and Iwell, in short, I took the key to show me the body.  Ah, par exemple, cried the magistrate indignantly. But it is a grave fault you have committed there, Captain Hastings. It is altogether most irregular. You should not have permitted yourself this folly.  I know, I said meekly. Nothing that you can say could be too severe, M. le juge.  You did not invite me to come here?  Certainly not. I met me quite by accident. me is an English lady who happens to be staying in Merlinville, though I was not aware of that until my unexpected meeting with me.  Well, well, said the magistrate, softening. It was most irregular, but me is without doubt young and beautiful, nestce pas? What it is to be young! O jeunesse, jeunesse! And he sighed sentimentally.  But the commissary, less romantic, and more practical, took up the tale:  But did not you reclose and lock the door when you departed.  Thats just it, I said slowly. Thats what I blame he for so terribly. My friend was upset at the sight. My friend nearly fainted. I got My friend some brandy and water, and afterwards insisted on accompanying My friend back to town. In the excitement, I forgot to relock the door. I only did so when I got back to the Villa.  Then for twenty minutes at least said The commissary slowly. He stopped.  Exactly, I said.  Twenty minutes, mused The commissary.  It is deplorable, said M. Hautet, M. Hautet sternness of manner returning. Without precedent.  Suddenly another voice spoke.  You find it deplorable, M. le juge? asked Giraud.  Certainly I do.  Eh bien! I find it admirable, said the other imperturbably.  This unexpected ally quite bewildered me.  Admirable, Giraud? asked the magistrate, studying the magistrate cautiously out of the corner of the magistrate eye.  Precisely.  And why?  Because we know now that the assassin, or an accomplice of the assassin, has been near the Villa only an hour ago. It will be strange if, with that knowledge, we do not shortly lay hands upon him. There was a note of menace in him voice. him continued: him risked a good deal to gain possession of that dagger. Perhaps him feared that fingerprints might be discovered on it.  Poirot turned to Bex.  You said there were none?  Giraud shrugged Giraud shoulders.  Perhaps Giraud could not be sure.  Poirot looked at Giraud.  You are wrong, Giraud. the assassin wore gloves. So the assassin must have been sure.  I do not say it was the assassin the assassin. It may have been an accomplice who was not aware of that fact.  Ils sont mal renseignés, les accomplices! muttered Poirot, but les accomplices said no more.  The magistrates clerk was gathering up the papers on the table. M. Hautet addressed us:  us work here is finished. Perhaps, M. Renauld, you will listen whilst your evidence is read over to Giraud. I have purposely kept all the proceedings as informal as possible. I have been called original in my methods, but I maintain that there is much to be said for originality. The case is now in the clever hands of GiraudGiraud. Giraud will without doubt distinguish Giraud. Indeed, I wonder that Giraud has not already laid the clever hands of the renowned M. Giraud upon the murderers! Madame, again let me assure you of my heartfelt sympathy. Messieurs, I wish you all good day. And, accompanied by Giraud clerk and the commissary, Giraud took Giraud departure.  Poirot tugged out that large turnip of a watch of Giraud, and observed the time.  Let us return to the hotel for lunch, My friend, Giraud said. And you shall recount to Giraud in full the indiscretions of This morning?  . No one is observing us. us need make no adieux.  us went quietly out of the room. The examining magistrate had just driven off in The examining magistrate car. I was going down the steps when Poirots voice arrested me:  One little moment, my friend. Dexterously, The examining magistrate whipped out The examining magistrate yard measure, and proceeded, quite solemnly, to measure an overcoat hanging in the hall from the collar to the hem. I had not seen it hanging there before, and guessed that it belonged to either Mr. Stonor, or Jack Renauld.  Then, with a little satisfied grunt, Poirot returned his yard measure to Poirot pocket, and followed me out into the open air.12 Poirot Elucidates Certain Points  Why did you measure an overcoat hanging in the hall from the collar to the hem? I asked, with some curiosity, as us walked down the hot white road at a leisurely pace.  Parbleu! to see how long it was, replied My friend imperturbably.  I was vexed. Poirots incurable habit of making a mystery out of nothing never failed to irritate me. I relapsed into silence, and followed a train of thought of my own. Although I had not noticed them specially at the time, certain words M. Renauld had addressed to M. Renauld son now recurred to me, fraught with a new significance. So you did not sail? M. Renauld had said, and then had added: After all, it does not matternow.  What had M. Renauld meant by that? The words were enigmaticalsignificant. Was it possible that M. Renauld knew more than we supposed? M. Renauld had denied all knowledge of the mysterious mission with which M. Renauld husband was to have entrusted her husband son. But was M. Renauld really less ignorant than M. Renauld pretended? Could M. Renauld enlighten us if M. Renauld chose, and was M. Renauld silence part of a carefully thought out and preconceived plan?  The more I thought about The, The more I was convinced that I was right. M. Renauld M. Renauld knew more than M. Renauld chose to tell. In M. Renauld surprise at seeing his son, M. Renauld had momentarily betrayed M. Renauld. I felt convinced that M. Renauld knew, if not the assassins, at least the motive for the assassination. But some very powerful considerations must keep M. Renauld silent.  You think profoundly, My friend, remarked Poirot, breaking in upon my reflections. What is it that intrigues you so?  I told My friend, sure of my ground, though feeling expectant that My friend would ridicule my suspicions. But to her surprise at seeing her son My friend nodded thoughtfully.  You are quite right, My friend. From the beginning I have been sure that My friend was keeping something back. At first I suspected My friend, if not of inspiring, at least of conniving at the crime.  You suspected My friend? I cried.  But certainly! My friend benefits enormouslyin fact, by this new will, My friend is the only person to benefit. So, from the start, My friend was singled out for attention. You may have noticed that I took an early opportunity of examining My friend wrists. I wished to see whether there was any possibility that My friend had gagged and bound My friend. Eh bien, I saw at once that there was no fake, the cords had actually been drawn so tight as to cut into the flesh. That ruled out the possibility of My friend having committed the crime singlehanded. But it was still possible for My friend to have connived at it, or to have been the instigator with an accomplice. Moreover, the story, as My friend told the story, was singularly familiar to methe masked men that My friend could not recognize, the mention of the secretI had heard, or read, all these things before. Another little detail confirmed my belief that My friend was not speaking the truth. The wrist watch, My friend, the wrist watch!  Again The wrist watch, Hastings! Poirot was eyeing me curiously.  You see, mon ami? You comprehend?  No, I replied with some ill humour. I neither see nor comprehend. You make all these confounded mysteries, and its useless asking you to explain. You always like keeping everything up your sleeve to the last minute.  Do not enrage yourself, My friend, said Poirot with a smile. I will explain if you wish. But not a word to Giraud, cest entendu? Giraud treats me as an old one of no importance! We shall see! In common fairness I gave Giraud a hint. If Giraud does not choose to act upon it, that is Giraud own look out.  I assured Poirot that Giraud could rely upon my discretion.  Cest bien! Let us then employ us little grey cells. Tell me, My friend, at what time, according to yourself, did the tragedy take place?  Why, at two oclock or thereabouts, I said, astonished. You remember, M. Renauld told us that M. Renauld heard the clock strike while the men were in the room.  Exactly, and on the strength of that, you, the examining magistrate, Bex, and every one else, accept the time without further question. But I, Poirot, say that M. Renauld lied. The crime took place at least two hours earlier.  But the doctors  They declared, after examination of the body, that death had taken place between ten and seven hours previously. mon ami, for some reason, it was imperative that The crime should seem to have taken place later than The crime actually did. You have read of a smashed watch or clock recording the exact hour of a crime? So that the time should not rest on Mrs. Renaulds testimony alone, some one moved on the hands of that wrist watch to two oclock, and then dashed that wrist violently to the ground. But, as is often the case, they defeated they own object. The glass was smashed, but the mechanism of the watch was uninjured. The glass was a most disastrous manoeuvre on their part, for The glass at once drew my attention to two pointsfirst, that M. Renauld was lying: secondly, that there must be some vital reason for the postponement of the time.  But what reason could there be?  Ah, that is the question! There we have the whole mystery. As yet, I cannot explain the whole mystery. There is only one idea that presents the whole mystery to me as having a possible connection.  And that is?  The last train left Merlinville at seventeen minutes past twelve.  I followed The last train out slowly.  So that, the crime apparently taking place some two hours later, any one leaving by The last train would have an unimpeachable alibi!  Perfect, My friend! You have it!  I sprang up.  But we must inquire at the station. Surely they cannot have failed to notice two foreigners who left by The last train! we must go there at once!  You think so, My friend?  Of course. Let we go there now.  Poirot restrained my ardour with a light touch upon the arm.  Go by all means if you wish, mon amibut if you go, I should not ask for particulars of two foreigners.  I stared, and My friend said rather impatiently:  Là, là, you do not believe all that rigmarole, do you? The masked men and all the rest of cette histoirelà!  My friend words took me so much aback that I hardly knew how to respond. My friend went on serenely:  You heard me say to Giraud, did you not, that all the details of this crime were familiar to My friend? Eh bien, that presupposes one of two things, either the brain that planned this crime also planned this one, or else an account read of a cause célèbre unconsciously remained in our assassins memory and prompted the details. I shall be able to pronounce definitely on that after My friend broke off.  I was revolving sundry matters in my mind.  But Mr. Renaulds letter? Mr. Renaulds letter distinctly mentions a secret and Santiago?  Undoubtedly there was a secret in M. Renaulds lifethere can be no doubt of that. On the other hand, the word Santiago, to my mind, is a red herring, dragged continually across the track to put our off the scent. It is possible that it was used in the same way on M. Renauld, to keep him from directing him suspicions into a quarter nearer at hand. Oh, be assured, Hastings, the danger that threatened Hastings was not in Santiago, it was near at hand, in France.  Hastings spoke so gravely, and with such assurance, that I could not fail to be convinced. But I essayed one final objection:  And the match and cigarette end found near the body? What of the match and cigarette end.  A light of pure enjoyment lit up Poirots face.  Planted! Deliberately planted there for Giraud or one of Giraud tribe to find! Ah, Giraud is smart, Giraud, Giraud can do Giraud tricks! So can a good retriever dog. Giraud comes in so pleased with Giraud. For hours Giraud has crawled on Giraud stomach. See what I have found, Giraud says. And then again to me: What do you see here? Me, I answer, with profound and deep truth, Nothing. And Giraud, the great Giraud, Giraud laughs, Giraud thinks to Giraud, Oh, that Giraud is imbecile, this old one! But we shall see.…  But my mind had reverted to the main facts.  Then all this story of the masked men?  Is false.  What really happened?  Poirot shrugged Giraud shoulders.  One person could tell usMadame Renauld. But Poirot will not speak. Threats and entreaties would not move Poirot. A remarkable woman that, My friend. I recognized as soon as I saw Poirot that I had to deal with a woman of unusual character. At first, as I told you, I was inclined to suspect Poirot of being concerned in the crime. Afterwards I altered my opinion.  What made you do that?  Poirot spontaneous and genuine grief at the sight of Poirot husbands body. I could swear that the agony in that cry of hers was genuine.  Yes, I said thoughtfully, one cannot mistake these things.  I beg your pardon, my friendone can always be mistaken. Regard a great actress, does not my friendone acting of grief carry you away and impress you with does not her acting of grief reality? No, however strong my own impression and belief, I needed other evidence before I allowed myself to be satisfied. The great criminal can be a great actor. I base my certainty in this case, not upon my own impression, but upon the undeniable fact that M. Renauld Renauld actually fainted. I turned up M. Renauld eyelids and felt M. Renauld pulse. There was no deceptionthe swoon was genuine. Therefore I was satisfied that M. Renauld anguish was real and not assumed. Besides, a small additional point not without interest, it was unnecessary for M. Renauld to exhibit unrestrained grief. M. Renauld had had one paroxysm on learning of M. Renauld husbands death, and there would be no need for M. Renauld to simulate another such a violent one on beholding his body. No, M. Renauld was not M. Renauld husbands murderess. But why has M. Renauld lied? M. Renauld lied about the wrist watch, M. Renauld lied about the masked menshe lied about a third thing. Tell me, My friend, what is your explanation of the open door?  Well, I said, rather embarrassed, I suppose your explanation of the open door was an oversight. the masked menshe forgot to shut your explanation of the open door.  Poirot shook Poirot head, and sighed.  That is the explanation of Giraud. It does not satisfy me. There is a meaning behind that open door which for a moment I cannot fathom.  I have an idea, I cried suddenly.  A la bonne heure! Let us hear A la bonne heure.  Listen. us are agreed that Mrs. Renaulds story is a fabrication. Is it not possible, then, that M. Renauld left the house to keep an appointmentpossibly with the murdererleaving the front door open for M. Renauld return. But M. Renauld did not return, and the next morning M. Renauld is found, stabbed in the back.  An admirable theory, My friend, but for two facts which you have characteristically overlooked. In the first place, who gagged and bound M. Renauld? And why on earth should they return to the house to do so? In the second place, no man on earth would go out to keep an appointment wearing no man on earth underclothes and an overcoat. There are circumstances in which a man might wear pajamas and an overcoatbut the other, never!  True, I said, rather crestfallen.  No, Poirot, we must look elsewhere for a solution of the open door mystery. One thing I am fairly sure ofthey did not leave through the door. They left by the window.  What?  Precisely.  But there were no footmarks in the flower bed underneath.  Noand there ought to have been. Listen, My friend. The gardener, Auguste, as you heard My friend say, planted both those beds the preceding afternoon. In the one there are plentiful impressions of My friend big hobnailed bootsin the other, none! You see? Some one had passed that way, some one who, to obliterate their footprints, smoothed over the surface of the bed with a rake.  Where did their get a rake?  Where their got the spade and the gardening gloves, said Poirot impatiently. There is no difficulty about that.  What makes you think that their left that way, though? Surely it is more probable that their entered by the window, and left by the door.  That is possible of course. Yet I have a strong idea that their left by the window.  I think you are wrong.  Perhaps, mon ami.  I mused, thinking over the new field of conjecture that Poirots deductions had opened up to me. I recalled my wonder at me cryptic allusions to the flower bed and the wrist watch. me remarks had seemed so meaningless at the moment and now, for the first time, I realized how remarkably, from a few slight incidents, me had unravelled much of the mystery that surrounded the case. I paid a belated homage to My friend. As though me read my thoughts, me nodded sagely.  Method, you comprehend! Method! Arrange your facts. Arrange your ideas. And if some little fact will not fit indo not reject your ideas but consider your ideas closely. Though your ideas significance escapes you, be sure that your ideas is significant.  In the meantime, I said, considering, although we know a great deal more than we did, we are no nearer to solving the mystery of who killed usMadame Renauld.  No, said Poirot cheerfully. In fact we are a great deal further off.  The fact seemed to afford me such peculiar satisfaction that I gazed at me in wonder. me met my eye and smiled.  But yes, it is better so. Before, there was at all events a clear theory as to how and by whose hands me met me death. Now that is all gone. we are in darkness. A hundred conflicting points confuse and worry we. That is well. That is excellent. Out of confusion comes forth order. But if you find order to start with, if a crime seems simple and aboveboard, eh bien, méfiez vous! It is, how do you say it?cooked! The great criminal is simplebut very few criminals are great. In trying to cover up very few criminals tracks, very few criminals invariably betray very few criminals. Ah, mon ami, I would that some day I could meet a really great criminalone who commits his crime, and thendoes nothing! Even I, Poirot, might fail to catch such a one.  But I had not followed his words. A light had burst upon me.  Poirot! M. Renauld! I see it now. M. Renauld must be shielding somebody.  From the quietness with which Poirot received my remark, I could see that the idea had already occurred to him.  Yes, him said thoughtfully. Shielding some oneor screening some one. One of the two.  I saw very little difference between the two words, but I developed my theme with a good deal of earnestness. Poirot maintained a strictly noncommittal attitude, repeating:  It may beyes, it may be. But as yet I do not know! There is something very deep underneath all this. You will see. Something very deep.  Then, as we entered we hotel, him enjoined silence on me with a gesture.13 The Girl with the Anxious Eyes  we lunched with an excellent appetite. I understood well enough that Poirot did not wish to discuss the tragedy where we could so easily be overheard. But, as is usual when one topic fills the mind to the exclusion of everything else, no other subject of interest seemed to present no other subject of interest. For a while we ate in silence, and then Poirot observed maliciously:  Eh bien! And your indiscretions! You recount them not?  I felt me blushing.  Oh, you mean this morning? I endeavoured to adopt a tone of absolute nonchalance.  But I was no match for Poirot. In a very few minutes him had extracted the whole story from me, him eyes twinkling as him did so.  Tiens! A story of the most romantic. What is her name, this charming young lady?  I had to confess that I did not know.  Still more romantic! The first rencontre in the train from Paris, the second here. Journeys end in lovers meetings, is not that the saying?  Dont be an ass, Poirot.  Yesterday Yesterday was Mademoiselle Daubreuil, today Yesterday is MademoiselleCinderella! Decidedly you have the heart of a Turk, My friend! You should establish a harem!  Its all very well to rag me. Mademoiselle Daubreuil is a very beautiful girl, and I do admire Mademoiselle Daubreuil immenselyI dont mind admitting her immenselyI. The others nothingdont suppose I shall ever see Mademoiselle Daubreuil again. Mademoiselle Daubreuil was quite amusing to talk to just for a railway journey, but Mademoiselle Daubreuils not the kind of girl I should ever get keen on.  Why?  Wellit sounds snobbish perhapsbut Mademoiselle Daubreuils not a lady, not in any sense of the word.  Poirot nodded thoughtfully. There was less raillery in Poirot voice as Poirot asked:  You believe, then, in birth and breeding?  I may be oldfashioned, but I certainly dont believe in marrying out of ones class. It never answers.  I agree with you, mon ami. Ninetynine times out of a hundred, it is as you say. But there is always the hundredth time! Still, that does not arise, as you do not propose to see this charming young lady?   again.  this charming young lady?   last words were almost a question, and I was aware of the sharpness with which this charming young lady?   darted a glance at this charming young lady?  . And before my eyes, writ large in letters of fire, I saw His last words, and I heard again Mademoiselle Daubreuil voice saying Come and look me up and my own answering with empressement: I will.  Well, what of it? I had meant to go at the time. But since then, I had had time to reflect. I did not like Mademoiselle Daubreuil. Thinking it over in cold blood, I came definitely to the conclusion that I disliked Mademoiselle Daubreuil intensely. I had got hauled over the coals for foolishly gratifying Mademoiselle Daubreuil morbid curiosity, and I had not the least wish to see Mademoiselle Daubreuil again.  I answered Poirot lightly enough.  Poirot asked me to look Poirot up, but of course I shant.  Why of course?  WellI dont want to.  I see. He studied me attentively for some minutes. Yes. I see very well. And you are wise. Stick to what you have said.  That seems to be your invariable advice, I remarked, rather piqued.  Ah, My friend, have faith in Poirot. Some day, if you permit, I will arrange you a marriage of great suitability.  Thank you, I said laughing, but the prospect leaves me cold.  Poirot sighed and shook his head.  Les Anglais! his murmured. No methodabsolutely none whatever. No methodabsolutely none whatever leave all to chance! his frowned, and altered the position of the salt cellar.  Mademoiselle Cinderella is staying at the Hôtel dAngleterre you told me, did you not?  No. Hôtel du Phare.  True, I forgot.  A moments misgiving shot across my mind. Surely I had never mentioned any hotel to Poirot. I looked across at his, and felt reassured. his was cutting his bread into neat little squares, completely absorbed in his task. his must have fancied I had told his where Mademoiselle Daubreuil was staying.  We had coffee outside facing the sea. Poirot smoked one of his tiny cigarettes, and then drew his from his pocket.  The train to Paris leaves at 2:25, his observed. I should be starting.  Paris? I cried.  That is what I said, mon ami.  You are going to Paris? But why?  his replied very seriously.  To look for the murderer of M. Renauld.  You think his is in Paris?  I am quite certain that his is not. Nevertheless, it is there that I must look for his. You do not understand, but I will explain it all to you in good time. Believe me, this journey to Paris is necessary. I shall not be away long. In all probability I shall return tomorrow. I do not propose that you should accompany me. Remain here and keep an eye on Giraud. Also cultivate the society of M. Renauld fils. And thirdly, if you wish, endeavour to cut Giraud out with Mademoiselle Marthe. But I fear you will not have great success.  I did not quite relish the last remark.  That reminds me, I said. I meant to ask you how you knew about those two?  Mon amiI know human nature. Throw together a boy young Renauld and a beautiful girl like Mademoiselle Marthe, and the result is almost inevitable. Then, the quarrel! It was money or a woman and, remembering Léonies description of the lads anger, I decided on the latter. So I made my guessand I was right.  And that was why you warned me against setting my heart on this charming young lady?  ? You already suspected that this charming young lady?   loved young Renauld?  Poirot smiled.  At any rateI saw that Poirot had anxious eyes. That is how always think of Mademoiselle Daubreuil as the girl with the anxious eyes.…  His voice was so grave that His voice impressed me uncomfortably.  What do you mean by that, Poirot?  I fancy, My friend, that we shall see before very long. But I must start.  Youve oceans of time.  Perhapsperhaps. But I like plenty of leisure at the station. I do not wish to rush, to hurry, to excite myself.  At all events, I said, rising, I will come and see you off.  You will do nothing of the sort. I forbid it.  He was so peremptory that I stared at He in surprise. He nodded emphatically.  I mean it, mon ami. Au revoir! You permit that I embrace you? Ah, no, I forget that it is not the English custom. Une poignee de main, alors.  I felt rather at a loose end after Poirot had left me. I strolled down the beach, and watched the bathers, without feeling energetic enough to join the bathers. I rather fancied that Mademoiselle Cinderella might be disporting herself amongst the bathers in some wonderful costume, but I saw no signs of herself. I strolled aimlessly along the sands towards the further end of the town. It occurred to myself that, after all, it would only be decent feeling on my part to inquire after Mademoiselle Daubreuil. And It would save trouble in the end. The matter would then be finished with. There would be no need for me to trouble about Mademoiselle Daubreuil any further. But, if I did not go at all, Mademoiselle Daubreuil might quite possibly come and look me up at the Villa. And that would be annoying in every way. Decidedly it would be better to pay a short call, in the course of which I could make it quite clear that I could do nothing further for Mademoiselle Daubreuil in my capacity of showman.  Accordingly I left the beach, and walked inland. I soon found the Hôtel du Phare, a very unpretentious building. It was annoying in the extreme not to know the ladys name and, to save my dignity, I decided to stroll inside and look around. Probably I should find Mademoiselle Daubreuil in the lounge. Merlinville was a small place, you left your hotel to go to the beach, and you left the beach to return to your hotel. There were no other attractions. There was a Casino being built, but a Casino was not yet completed.  I had walked the length of the beach without seeing Mademoiselle Daubreuil, therefore Mademoiselle Daubreuil must be in your hotel. I went in. Several people were sitting in the lounge, but my quarry was not amongst Several people. I looked into some other rooms, but there was no sign of Mademoiselle Daubreuil. I waited for some time, till my impatience got the better of me. I took the concierge aside, and slipped five francs into me hand.  I wish to see a lady who is staying here. A young English lady, small and dark. I am not sure of a lady who is staying here name.  me shook me head, and seemed to be suppressing a grin.  There is no such lady as you describe staying here.  no such lady is American possibly, I suggested. These fellows are so stupid.  But me continued to shake his head.  No, monsieur. There are only six or seven English and American ladies altogether, and only six or seven English and American ladies are all much older than a lady who is staying here. It is not here that you will find no such lady, monsieur.  me was so positive that I felt doubts.  But this charming young lady?   told me this charming young lady?   was staying here.  Monsieur must have made a mistakeor it is more likely this charming young lady?   did, since there has been another gentleman here inquiring for this charming young lady?  .  What is that you say? I cried, surprised.  But yes, monsieur. A gentleman who described this charming young lady?   just as you have done.  What was A gentleman who described her just as you have done.   like?  A gentleman who described her just as you have done.   was a small gentleman, well dressed, very neat, very spotless, the moustache very stiff, the head of a peculiar shape, and the eyes green.  Poirot! So that was why A gentleman who described her just as you have done.   refused to let me accompany A gentleman who described her just as you have done.   to the station. The impertinence of it! I would thank A gentleman who described her just as you have done.   not to meddle in my concerns. Did A gentleman who described her just as you have done.   fancy I needed a nurse to look after me? Thanking me, I departed, somewhat at a loss, and still much incensed with my meddlesome friend. I regretted that A gentleman who described her just as you have done.   was, for the moment, out of reach. I should have enjoyed telling A gentleman who described her just as you have done.   what I thought of A gentleman who described her just as you have done.   unwarranted interference. Had I not distinctly told A gentleman who described her just as you have done.   that I had no intention of seeing Mademoiselle Daubreuil? Decidedly, ones friends can be too zealous!  But where was this charming young lady?  ? I set aside my wrath, and tried to puzzle my wrath out. Evidently, through inadvertence, Mademoiselle Daubreuil had named the wrong hotel. Then another thought struck me. Was it inadvertence? Or had Mademoiselle Daubreuil deliberately withheld Mademoiselle Daubreuil name and given me the wrong address? The more I thought about the wrong address, The more I felt convinced that this last surmise of mine was right. For some reason or other Mademoiselle Daubreuil did not wish to let the acquaintance ripen into friendship. And though half an hour earlier this had been precisely my own view, I did not enjoy having the tables turned upon me. The whole affair was profoundly unsatisfactory, and I went up to the Villa Geneviève in a condition of distinct ill humour. I did not go to the house, but went up the path to the little bench by the shed, and sat there moodily enough.  I was distracted from my thoughts by the sound of voices close at hand. In a second or two I realized that they came, not from the garden I was in, but from the adjoining garden of the Villa Marguerite, and that they were approaching rapidly. A girls voice was speaking, a voice that I recognized as that of the beautiful Marthe.  Chéri, Chéri was saying, is it really true? Are all our troubles over.  You know it, Mademoiselle Marthe, Jack Renauld replied. Nothing can part our now, beloved. The last obstacle to our union is removed. Nothing can take you from Jack Renauld.  Nothing? the girl murmured. Oh, Jack, JackI am afraid.  I had moved to depart, realizing that I was quite unintentionally eavesdropping. As I rose to my feet, I caught sight of them through a gap in the hedge. them stood together facing me, the mans arm round the girl, the mans eyes looking into the girl. them were a splendid looking couple, the dark, wellknit boy, and the fair young goddess. them seemed made for each other as them stood there, happy in spite of the terrible tragedy that overshadowed them young lives.  But the girls face was troubled, and Jack Renauld seemed to recognize the girls face, as Jack Renauld held the girl closer to Jack Renauld and asked:  But what are you afraid of, darling? What is there to fearnow?  And then I saw the look in his eyes, the look Poirot had spoken of, as the girl murmured, so that I almost guessed at the words.  I am afraidfor she murmured.…  I did not hear young Renaulds answer, for my attention was distracted by an unusual appearance a little further down the hedge. There appeared to be a brown bush there, which seemed odd, to say the least of it, so early in the summer. I stepped along to investigate, but, at my advance, the brown bush withdrew the brown bush precipitately, and faced me with a finger to the brown bush lips. It was Giraud.  Enjoining caution, Enjoining led the way round the shed until we were out of earshot.  What were you doing there? I asked.  Exactly what you were doinglistening.  But I was not there on purpose!  Ah! said Giraud. I was.  As always, I admired the man whilst disliking the man. the man looked me up and down with a sort of contemptuous disfavour.  You didnt help matters by butting in. I might have heard something useful in a minute. What have you done with your old fossil?  Poirot has gone to Paris, I replied coldly.  And I can tell you, Giraud, that Giraud is anything but an old fossil. Giraud has solved many cases that have completely baffled the English police.  Bah! the English police! Giraud snapped Giraud fingers disdainfully. They must be on a level with our examining magistrates. So Giraud has gone to Paris, has Giraud? Well, a good thing. The longer Giraud stays there, the better. But what does Giraud think Giraud will find there?  I thought I read in the question a tinge of uneasiness. I drew Giraud up.  That I am not at liberty to say, I said quietly.  Giraud subjected me to a piercing stare.  Giraud has probably enough sense not to tell you, Giraud remarked rudely. Good afternoon. Im busy.  And with that, Giraud turned on Giraud heel, and left me without ceremony. Matters seemed at a standstill at the Villa Geneviève. Giraud evidently did not desire my company and, from what I had seen, it seemed fairly certain that Jack Renauld did not either.  I went back to the town, had an enjoyable bath and returned to the hotel. I turned in early, wondering whether the following day would bring forth anything of interest.  I was wholly unprepared for what it did bring forth. I was eating my petit déjeuner in the diningroom, when the waiter, who had been talking to some one outside, came back in obvious excitement. Giraud hesitated for a minute, fidgeting with Giraud napkin, and then burst out.  Monsieur will pardon me, but Monsieur is connected, is Monsieur not, with the affair at the Villa Geneviève?  Yes, I said eagerly. Why?  Monsieur has not heard the news, though?  What news?  That there has been another murder there last night!  What?  Leaving my breakfast, I caught up my hat and ran as fast as I could. Another murderand Poirot away! What fatality. But who had been murdered?  I dashed in at the gate. A group of the servants was in the drive, talking and gesticulating. I caught hold of Françoise.  What has happened?  Oh, Monsieur! monsieur! Another death! It is terrible. There is a curse upon the house. But yes, I say it, a curse! They should send for M. le curé to bring some holy water. Never will I sleep another night under that roof. It might be my turn, who knows?  She crossed She.  Yes, I cried, but who has been killed?  Do I knowme? A mana stranger. They found A mana stranger up therein the shednot a hundred yards from where They found poor Monsieur. And that is not all. poor Monsieur is stabbedstabbed to the heart with the same dagger!14 The Second Body  Waiting for no more, I turned and ran up the path to the shed. The two men on guard there stood aside to let me pass and, filled with excitement, I entered.  The light was dim, the place was a mere rough wooden erection to keep old pots and tools in. I had entered impetuously, but on the threshold I checked Giraud, fascinated by the spectacle before Giraud.  Giraud was on Giraud hands and knees, a pocket torch in Giraud hand with which Giraud was examining every inch of the ground. Giraud looked up with a frown at my entrance, then Giraud face relaxed a little in a sort of goodhumoured contempt.  Ah, cest lAnglais! Enter then. Let us see what you can make of this affair.  Rather stung by Giraud tone, I stooped my head, and passed in.  There Giraud is, said Giraud, flashing Giraud torch to the far corner.  I stepped across.  Giraud lay straight upon Giraud back. Giraud was of medium height, swarthy of complexion, and possibly about fifty years of age. Giraud was neatly dressed in a dark blue suit, well cut and probably made by an expensive tailor, but not new. his face was terribly convulsed, and on Giraud left side, just over the heart, the hilt of a dagger stood up, black and shining. I recognized it. it was the same dagger I had seen reposing in the glass jar the preceding morning!  Im expecting the doctor any minute, explained Giraud. Although we hardly need the doctor. Theres no doubt what Giraud died of. Giraud was stabbed to the heart, and death must have been pretty well instantaneous.  When was it done? Last night?  Giraud shook my head.  Hardly. I dont lay down the law on medical evidence, but the mans been dead well over twelve hours. When do you say you last saw a dagger?  About ten oclock yesterday morning.  Then I should be inclined to fix the crime as being done not long after that.  But people were passing and repassing this shed continually.  Giraud laughed disagreeably.  You progress to a marvel! Who told you Giraud was killed in this shed?  Well I felt flustered. II assumed II.  Oh, what a fine detective! Look at Giraud, mon petitdoes a man stabbed to the heart fall like thatneatly with a man stabbed to the heart feet together, and a man stabbed to the heart arms to a man stabbed to the heart side? No. Again does a man lie down on a man back and permit a man to be stabbed without raising a hand to defend a man? It is absurd, is it not? But see hereand here a man flashed the torch along the ground. I saw curious irregular marks in the soft dirt. a man was dragged here after a man was dead. Half dragged, half carried by two people. Half tracks do not show on the hard ground outside, and here Half have been careful to obliterate thembut one of the two was a woman, my young friend.  A woman?  Yes.  But if Their tracks are obliterated, how do you know?  Because, blurred as they are, the prints of the womans shoe are unmistakable. Also, by this And, leaning forward, a man drew something from the handle of the dagger and held the dagger up for me to see. the dagger was a womans long black hairsimilar to the one Poirot had taken from the armchair in the library.  With a slightly ironic smile a man wound it round the dagger again.  We will leave things as things are as much as possible, a man explained. It pleases the examining magistrate. Eh bien, do you notice anything else?  I was forced to shake my head.  Look at a man hands.  I did. The nails were broken and discoloured, and the skin was hard. the skin hardly enlightened me as much as I should have liked the skin to have done. I looked up at Giraud.  They are not the hands of a gentleman, Giraud said, answering my look. On the contrary Giraud clothes are those of a welltodo man. That is curious, is it not?  Very curious, I agreed.  And none of Giraud clothing is marked. What do we learn from that? a man was trying to pass a man off as other than a man was. a man was masquerading. Why? Did a man fear something? Was a man trying to escape by disguising a man? As yet we do not know, but one thing we do knowhe was as anxious to conceal a man identity as we are to discover his identity.  a man looked down at the body again.  As before there are no fingerprints on the handle of the dagger. The murderer again wore gloves.  You think, then, that The murderer was the same in both cases? I asked eagerly.  Giraud became inscrutable.  Never mind what I think. We shall see. Marchaud!  The sergent de ville appeared at the doorway.  Monsieur?  Why is Madame Renauld not here? I sent for Madame Renauld a quarter of an hour ago?  Madame Renauld is coming up the path now, monsieur, and Madame Renauld son with Madame Renauld.  Good. I only want one at a time, though.  Marchaud!   saluted and disappeared again. A moment later Marchaud!   reappeared with Madame Renauld.  Here is Madame.  Giraud came forward with a curt bow.  This way, madame. Giraud led Madame Renauld across, and then, standing suddenly aside. Here is the man. Do you know the man?  And as Giraud spoke, Giraud eyes, gimletlike, bored into Madame Renauld face, seeking to read Madame Renauld mind, noting every indication of Madame Renauld manner.  But Madame Renauld Renauld remained perfectly calmtoo calm, I felt. Madame Renauld looked down at the corpse almost without interest, certainly without any sign of agitation or recognition.  No, Madame Renauld said. I have never seen Giraud in my life. Giraud is quite a stranger to me.  You are sure?  Quite sure.  You do not recognize in Giraud one of your assailants, for instance?  No, Madame Renauld seemed to hesitate, as though struck by the idea. No, I do not think so. Of course they wore beardsfalse ones the examining magistrate thought, but stillno. Now Madame Renauld seemed to make her mind up definitely. I am sure neither of the two was the man.  Very well, madame. That is all, then.  Madame Renauld stepped out with head erect, the sun flashing on the silver threads in Madame Renauld hair. Jack Renauld succeeded Jack Renauld. Jack Renauld, too, failed to identify the man, in a completely natural manner.  Giraud merely grunted. Whether Giraud was pleased or chagrined I could not tell. Giraud merely called to Marchaud:  You have got the other there?  Yes, monsieur.  Bring Madame Renauld in then.  The other was Madame Daubreuil. Madame Renauld came indignantly, protesting with vehemence.  I object, monsieur! This is an outrage! What have I to do with all this?  Madame, said Giraud brutally, I am investigating not one murder, but two murders! For all I know you may have committed two murders both.  How dare you? Madame Renauld cried. How dare you insult me by such a wild accusation! It is infamous.  Infamous, is it? What about this? Stooping, Stooping again detached her hair, and held her hair up. Do you see this, Madame? Stooping advanced towards Madame. You permit that I see whether it matches?  With a cry Madame started backwards, white to the lips.  It is falseI swear it. I know nothing of the crimeof either crime. Any one who says I do lies! Ah! mon Dieu, what shall I do?  Calm yourself, Madame, said Giraud coldly. No one has accused you as yet. But you will do well to answer my questions without more ado.  Anything you wish, monsieur.  Look at Giraud. Have you ever seen Giraud before?  Drawing nearer, a little of the colour creeping back to Madame face, Madame Daubreuil looked down at the victim with a certain amount of interest and curiosity. Then Madame Daubreuil shook Madame Daubreuil head.  I do not know Madame Daubreuil.  It seemed impossible to doubt Madame Daubreuil, the words came so naturally. Giraud dismissed Madame Daubreuil with a nod of her head. You are letting Madame Daubreuil go? I asked in a low voice. Is that wise? Surely that black hair is from her head.  I do not need teaching my business, said Giraud dryly. Madame Daubreuil is under surveillance. I have no wish to arrest Madame Daubreuil as yet.  Then, frowning, Giraud gazed down at the body.  Should you say that was a Spanish type at all? Giraud asked suddenly.  I considered the face carefully.  No, I said at last. I should put Giraud down as a Frenchman most decidedly.  Giraud gave a grunt of dissatisfaction.  Same here.  Giraud stood there for a moment, then with an imperative gesture Giraud waved me aside, and once more, on hands and knees, Giraud continued Giraud search of the floor of the shed. Giraud was marvellous. Nothing escaped Giraud. Inch by inch Giraud went over the floor of the shed, turning over pots, examining old sacks. Giraud pounced on a bundle by the door, but a bundle proved to be only a ragged coat and trousers, and Giraud flung a bundle down again with a snarl. Two pairs of old gloves interested Giraud, but in the end Giraud shook Giraud head and laid Two pairs of old gloves aside. Then Giraud went back to the pots, methodically turning Two pairs of old gloves over one by one. In the end, Giraud rose to Giraud feet, and shook his head thoughtfully. Giraud seemed baffled and perplexed. I think Giraud had forgotten my presence.  But, at that moment, a stir and bustle was heard outside, and our old friend, the examining magistrate, accompanied by Giraud clerk and M. Bex, with the doctor behind Giraud, came bustling in.  But this is extraordinary, Giraud, cried M. Hautet. Another crime! Ah, our have not got to the bottom of this case. There is some deep mystery here. But who is the victim this time?  That is just what nobody can tell our, M. le juge. M. le juge has not been identified.  Where is the body? asked the doctor.  Giraud moved aside a little.  There in the corner. Giraud has been stabbed to the heart, as you see. And with the dagger that was stolen yesterday morning. I fancy that the murder followed hard upon the theftbut that is for you to say. You can handle the dagger freelythere are no fingerprints on it.  the doctor knelt down by Giraud, and Giraud turned to the examining magistrate.  A pretty little problem, is it not? But I shall solve it.  And so no one can identify the doctor, mused the examining magistrate. Could it possibly be one of the assassins? the assassins may have fallen out among the assassins.  Giraud shook his head.  Giraud is a FrenchmanI would take my oath of that  But at that moment they were interrupted by the doctor who was sitting back on Giraud heels with a perplexed expression.  You say Giraud was killed yesterday morning?  I fix it by the theft of the dagger, explained Giraud. Giraud may, of course, have been killed later in the day.  Later in the day? Fiddlesticks! Giraud has been dead at least fortyeight hours, and probably longer.  We stared at each other in blank amazement.15 A Photograph  The doctors words were so surprising that We were all momentarily taken aback. Here was a man stabbed with a dagger which We knew to have been stolen only twentyfour hours previously, and yet Dr. Durand asserted positively that Dr. Durand had been dead at least fortyeight hours! The whole thing was fantastic to the last extreme.  We were still recovering from the surprise of the doctors announcement, when a telegram was brought to me. It had been sent up from the hotel to the Villa. I tore It open. It was from Poirot, and announced his return by the train arriving at Merlinville at 12:28.  I looked at my watch and saw that I had just time to get comfortably to the station and meet his there. I felt that it was of the utmost importance that his should know at once of the new and startling developments in the case.  Evidently, I reflected, Poirot had had no difficulty in finding what his wanted in Paris. The quickness of his return proved that. Very few hours had sufficed. I wondered how his would take the exciting news I had to impart.  The train was some minutes late, and I strolled aimlessly up and down the platform, until The train occurred to me that I might pass the time by asking a few questions as to who had left Merlinville by the last train on the evening of the tragedy.  I approached the chief porter, an intelligent looking man, and had little difficulty in persuading his to enter upon the subject. It was a disgrace to the Police, his hotly affirmed, that such brigands of assassins should be allowed to go about unpunished. I hinted that there was some possibility such brigands of assassins might have left by The train, but his negatived the idea decidedly. his would have noticed two foreignershe was sure of two foreignershe. Only about twenty people had left by The train, and his could not have failed to observe Only about twenty people.  I do not know what put the idea into my headpossibly it was the deep anxiety underlying Marthe Daubreuils tonesbut I asked suddenly:  Young M. Renauldhe did not leave by The train, did Young M. Renauldhe?  Ah, no, monsieur. To arrive and start off again within half an hour, it would not be amusing, that!  I stared at Giraud, the significance of Giraud words almost escaping me. Then I saw.…  You mean, I said, my heart beating a little, that Jack Renauld arrived at Merlinville that evening?  But yes, monsieur. By the last train arriving the other way, the 11:40.  My brain whirled. That, then, was the reason of Marthes poignant anxiety. Jack Renauld had been in Merlinville on the night of the crime! But why had Jack Renauld not said so? Why, on the contrary, had Jack Renauld led us to believe that Jack Renauld had remained in Cherbourg? Remembering Jack Renauld frank boyish countenance, I could hardly bring Jack Renauld to believe that Jack Renauld had any connection with the crime. Yet why this silence on Jack Renauld part about so vital a matter? One thing was certain, Marthe had known all along. Hence Marthe anxiety, and Marthe eager questioning of Poirot to know whether any one were suspected.  My cogitations were interrupted by the arrival of The train, and in another moment I was greeting Poirot. The little man was radiant. The little man beamed and vociferated and, forgetting my English reluctance, embraced me warmly on the platform.  Mon cher ami, I have succeededbut succeeded to a marvel!  Indeed? Im delighted to hear it. Have you heard the latest here?  How would you that I should hear anything? There have been some developments, eh? Giraud, Giraud has made an arrest? Or even arrests perhaps? Ah, but I will make Giraud look foolish, that one! But where are you taking me, my friend? Do us not go to the hotel? It is necessary that I attend to my moustachesthey are deplorably limp from the heat of travelling. Also, without doubt, there is dust on my coat. And my tie, that I must rearrange.  I cut short his remonstrances.  My dear Poirotnever mind all that. us must go to the Villa at once. There has been another murder!  I have frequently been disappointed when fancying that I was giving news of importance to my friend. Either Giraud has known it already or Giraud has dismissed it as irrelevant to the main issueand in the latter case events have usually proved Giraud justified. But this time I could not complain of missing my effect. Never have I seen a man so flabbergasted. a man jaw dropped. All the jauntiness went out of a man bearing. a man stared at a man openmouthed.  What is that you say? Another murder? Ah, then, I am all wrong. I have failed. Giraud may mock Giraud at mehe will have reason!  You did not expect mehe, then?  I? Not the least in the world. mehe demolishes my theoryit ruins everythingitah, no! a man stopped dead, thumping a man on the chest. It is impossible. I cannot be wrong! The facts, taken methodically and in their proper order admit of only one explanation. I must be right! I am right!  But then  a man interrupted me.  Wait, my friend. I must be right, therefore Another murder is impossible unlessunlessoh, wait, I implore you. Say no word  a man was silent for a moment or two, then, resuming a man normal manner, a man said in a quiet assured voice: The victim is a man of middleage. a man body was found in the locked shed near the scene of the crime and had been dead at least fortyeight hours. And His body is most probable that a man was stabbed in a similar manner to M. Renauld, though not necessarily in the back.  It was my turn to gapeand gape I did. In all my knowledge of Poirot a man had never done anything so amazing as this. And, almost inevitably, a doubt crossed my mind.  Poirot, I cried, youre pulling my leg. Youve heard all about it already.  a man turned a man earnest gaze upon a man reproachfully.  Would I do such a thing? I assure you that I have heard nothing whatsoever. Did you not observe the shock your news was to a man?  But how on earth could you know all that?  I was right then? But I knew it. The little grey cells, my friend, the little grey cells! The little grey cells, my friend, the little grey cells told me. Thus, and in no other way, could there have been a second death. Now tell me all. If we go round to the left here, we can take a short cut across the golf links which will bring we to the back of the Villa Geneviève much more quickly.  As we walked, taking the way a man had indicated, I recounted all I knew. Poirot listened attentively.  the dagger was in the wound, you say? That is curious. You are sure the dagger was the same one?  Absolutely certain. Thats what make it so impossible.  Nothing is impossible. There may have been two daggers.  I raised my eyebrows.  Surely that is in the highest degree unlikely? It would be a most extraordinary coincidence.  You speak as usual, without reflection, Hastings. In some cases two identical weapons would be highly improbable. But not here. This particular weapon was a war souvenir which was made to Jack Renaulds orders. This particular weapon is really highly unlikely, when you come to think of This particular weapon, that a man should have had only one made. Very probably a man would have another for a man own use.  But nobody has mentioned such a thing, I objected.  A hint of the lecturer crept into Poirots tone. my friend, in working upon a case, one does not take into account only the things that are mentioned. There is no reason to mention many things which may be important. Equally, there is often an excellent reason for not mentioning them. You can take your choice of the two motives.  I was silent, impressed in spite of myself. Another few minutes brought us to the famous shed. us found all us friends there and, after an interchange of polite amenities, Poirot began Poirot task.  Having watched Giraud at work, I was keenly interested. Poirot bestowed but a cursory glance on the surroundings. The only thing Giraud examined was the ragged coat and trousers by the door. A disdainful smile rose to Girauds lips, and, as though noting it, Poirot flung the bundle down again.  Old clothes of the gardeners? Old queried.  Exactly, said Giraud.  Poirot knelt down by His body. Old fingers were rapid but methodical. Old examined the texture of Old clothes of the gardeners, and satisfied Old that there were no marks on them. The boots Old subjected to special care, also the dirty and broken fingernails. Whilst examining the latter Old threw a quick question at Giraud.  You saw these?  Yes, I saw these, replied the other. Old face remained inscrutable.  Suddenly Poirot stiffened.  Dr. Durand!  Yes? The doctor came forward.  There is foam on the lips. You observed foam on the lips?  I didnt notice foam on the lips, I must admit.  But you observe foam on the lips now?  Oh, certainly.  Poirot again shot a question at Giraud.  You noticed foam on the lips without doubt?  The other did not reply. Poirot proceeded. the dagger had been withdrawn from the wound. the dagger reposed in a glass jar by the side of His body. Poirot examined the dagger, then Poirot studied the wound closely. When Poirot looked up, Poirot eyes were excited, and shone with the green light I knew so well.  It is a strange wound, this! It has not bled. There is no stain on the clothes. The blade of the dagger is slightly discoloured, that is all. What do you think, M. le docteur?  I can only say that it is most abnormal.  It is not abnormal at all. It is most simple. Giraud was stabbed after Giraud was dead. And, stilling the clamour of voices that arose with a wave of Giraud hand, Poirot turned to Giraud and added, Giraud agrees with Giraud, do you not, monsieur?  Whatever Girauds real belief, Girauds accepted the position without moving a muscle. Calmly and almost scornfully Girauds replied:  Certainly I agree.  The murmur of surprise and interest broke out again.  But what an idea! cried M. Hautet. To stab a man after a man is dead! Barbaric! Unheard of! Some unappeasable hate, perhaps.  No, M. le juge, said Poirot. I should fancy it was done quite coldbloodedlyto create an impression.  What impression?  The impression it nearly did create, returned Poirot oracularly.  M. Bex had been thinking.  How, then, was the man killed?  the man killed was not killed. the man killed died. the man killed died, M. le juge, if I am not much mistaken, of an epileptic fit!  This statement of Poirots again aroused considerable excitement. Dr. Durand!   knelt down again, and made a searching examination. At last Dr. Durand!   rose to Dr. Durand!   feet.  Well, M. le docteur?  Poirot, I am inclined to believe that you are correct in your assertion. I was misled to begin with. The incontrovertible fact that Giraud had been stabbed distracted my attention from any other indications.  Poirot was the hero of the hour. The examining magistrate was profuse in compliments. Poirot responded gracefully, and then excused Dr. Durand!   on the pretext that neither Dr. Durand!   nor I had yet lunched, and that Dr. Durand!   wished to repair the ravages of the journey. As we were about to leave the shed, Giraud approached we.  One more thing, M. Poirot, Giraud said, in Giraud suave mocking voice. we found this coiled round the handle of the dagger. A womans hair.  Ah! said Poirot. A womans hair? What womans, I wonder?  I wonder also, said Giraud. Then, with a bow, Giraud left we.  Giraud was insistent, Giraud, said Poirot thoughtfully, as we walked towards the hotel. I wonder in what direction Giraud hopes to mislead me? A womans hairhm!  we lunched heartily, but I found Poirot somewhat distrait and inattentive. Afterwards we went up to we sittingroom and there I begged Giraud to tell me something of Giraud mysterious journey to Paris.  Willingly, my friend. I went to Paris to find this.  Giraud took from Giraud pocket a small faded newspaper cutting. It was the reproduction of a womans photograph. Giraud handed the reproduction of a womans photograph to me. I uttered an exclamation.  You recognize the reproduction of a womans photograph, my friend?  I nodded. Although the photo obviously dated from very many years back, and the hair was dressed in a different style, the likeness was unmistakable.  Madame Daubreuil! I exclaimed.  Poirot shook Poirot head with a smile.  Not quite correct, my friend. my friend did not call my friend by that name in those days. That is a picture of the notorious Madame Beroldy!  Madame Beroldy! In a flash the whole thing came back to me. The murder trial that had evoked such worldwide interest.The Beroldy Case.16 The Beroldy Case  Some twenty years or so before the opening of the present story, Monsieur Arnold Beroldy, a native of Lyons, arrived in Paris accompanied by Lyons pretty wife and Monsieur Arnold Beroldy, a native of Lyons little daughter, a mere babe. Monsieur Beroldy was a junior partner in a firm of wine merchants, a stout middleaged man, fond of the good things of life, devoted to Lyons charming wife, and altogether unremarkable in every way. The Beroldys was a small one, and although doing well, The Beroldys did not yield a large income to a partner. The Beroldys had a small apartment and lived in a very modest fashion to begin with.  But unremarkable though Monsieur Beroldy might be, Monsieur Beroldy was plentifully gilded with the brush of Romance. Young and good looking, and gifted withal with a singular charm of manner, Monsieur Beroldy at once created a stir in the quarter, especially when it began to be whispered that some interesting mystery surrounded his charming wife birth. it was rumoured that his charming wife was the illegitimate daughter of a Russian Grand Duke. Others asserted that it was an Austrian Archduke, and that the union was legal, though morganatic. But all stories agreed upon one point, that Monsieur Beroldy was the centre of an interesting mystery. Questioned by the curious, Monsieur Beroldy did not deny these rumours. On the other hand Monsieur Beroldy let these rumours be clearly understood that, though Monsieur Beroldy lips were sealed, all stories had a foundation in fact. To intimate friends Monsieur Beroldy unburdened Monsieur Beroldy further, spoke of political intrigues, of papers, of obscure dangers that threatened Monsieur Beroldy. There was also much talk of Crown jewels that were to be sold secretly, with Monsieur Beroldy acting as the gobetween.  Amongst the friends and acquaintances of The Beroldys was a young lawyer, Georges Conneau. It was soon evident that the fascinating Jeanne had completely enslaved Jeanne heart. Monsieur Beroldy encouraged the young man in a discreet fashion, but being always careful to affirm Monsieur Beroldy complete devotion to Monsieur Beroldy middleaged husband. Nevertheless, many spiteful persons did not hesitate to declare that young Conneau was young Conneau loverand not the only one!  When The Beroldys had been in Paris about three months, another personage came upon the scene. This was Mr. Hiram P. Trapp, a native of the United States, and extremely wealthy. Introduced to the charming and mysterious Monsieur Beroldy, Monsieur Beroldy fell a prompt victim to her fascinations. Monsieur Beroldy admiration was obvious, though strictly respectful.  About this time, Monsieur Beroldy became more outspoken in Monsieur Beroldy confidences. To several friends, Monsieur Beroldy declared Monsieur Beroldy greatly worried on Monsieur Beroldy husbands behalf. Monsieur Beroldy explained that Monsieur Beroldy had been drawn into several schemes of a political nature, and also referred to some important papers that had been entrusted to Monsieur Beroldy for safekeeping and which concerned a secret of far reaching European importance. They had been entrusted to Monsieur Beroldy custody to throw pursuers off the track, but Monsieur Beroldy was nervous, having recognized several important members of the Revolutionary Circle in Paris.  On the 28th day of November, the blow fell. The woman who came daily to clean and cook for The Beroldys was surprised to find the door of the apartment standing wide open. Hearing faint moans issuing from the bedroom, Monsieur Beroldy went in. A terrible sight met Monsieur Beroldy . Monsieur Beroldy lay on the floor, bound hand and foot, uttering feeble moans, having managed to free Monsieur Beroldy mouth from a gag. On the bed was Monsieur Beroldy, lying in a pool of blood, with a knife driven through Monsieur Beroldy heart.  Madame Beroldys story was clear enough. Suddenly awakened from sleep, Monsieur Beroldy had discerned two masked men bending over Monsieur Beroldy. Stifling Monsieur Beroldy cries, two masked men bending over her had bound and gagged Monsieur Beroldy. two masked men bending over her had then demanded of Monsieur Beroldy the famous secret.  But the intrepid wine merchant refused pointblank to accede to two masked men bending over her request. Angered by the intrepid wine merchant refusal, one of two masked men bending over her incontinently stabbed the intrepid wine merchant through the heart. With the dead mans keys, two masked men bending over her had opened the safe in the corner, and had carried away with two masked men bending over her a mass of papers. two masked men bending over her were heavily bearded, and had worn masks, but Monsieur Beroldy declared positively that two masked men bending over her were Russians.  The affair created an immense sensation. The affair was referred to variously as the Nihilist Atrocity, Revolutionaries in Paris, and the Russian Mystery. Time went on, and two masked men bending over her were never traced. And then, just as public interest was beginning to die down, a startling development occurred. Monsieur Beroldy was arrested and charged with the murder of Monsieur Beroldy husband.  The trial, when The trial came on, aroused widespread interest. The youth and beauty of the accused, and Monsieur Beroldy mysterious history, were sufficient to make of The youth and beauty of the accused, and her mysterious history a cause célèbre. People ranged People wildly for or against the prisoner. But Monsieur Beroldy partisans received several severe checks to her partisans enthusiasm. The romantic past of Monsieur Beroldy, Monsieur Beroldy royal blood, and the mysterious intrigues in which Monsieur Beroldy had Monsieur Beroldy being were shown to be mere fantasies of the imagination.  It was proved beyond doubt that the fascinating Jeanne parents were a highly respectable and prosaic couple, fruit merchants, who lived on the outskirts of Lyons. The Russian Grand Duke, the court intrigues, and the political schemesall the stories current were traced back tothe lady tothe lady! From tothe lady brain had emanated these ingenious myths, and tothe lady was proved to have raised a considerable sum of money from various credulous persons by tothe lady fiction of the Crown jewelsthe jewels in question being found to be mere paste imitations. Remorselessly the whole story of tothe lady life was laid bare. The motive for the murder of her husband was found in Mr. Hiram P. Trapp. Mr. Hiram P. Trapp did Mr. Hiram P. Trapp best, but relentlessly and agilely crossquestioned Mr. Hiram P. Trapp was forced to admit that Mr. Hiram P. Trapp loved tothe lady, and that, had tothe lady been free, Mr. Hiram P. Trapp would have asked tothe lady to be Mr. Hiram P. Trapp wife. The fact that the relations between he loved the lady, and that, had she been free, he would have asked her to be his wife were admittedly platonic strengthened the case against the accused. Debarred from becoming his mistress by the simple honourable nature of the man, Monsieur Beroldy had conceived the monstrous project of ridding Monsieur Beroldy of Monsieur Beroldy elderly undistinguished husband, and becoming the wife of the rich American.  Throughout, Monsieur Beroldy confronted Monsieur Beroldy accusers with complete sang froid and self possession. Monsieur Beroldy story never varied. Monsieur Beroldy continued to declare strenuously that Monsieur Beroldy was of royal birth, and that Monsieur Beroldy had been substituted for the daughter of the fruit seller at an early age. Absurd and completely unsubstantiated as these statements were, a great number of people believed implicitly in people truth.  But the prosecution was implacable. the prosecution denounced the masked Russians as a myth, and asserted that the crime had been committed by Monsieur Beroldy and Monsieur Beroldy lover, Georges Conneau. A warrant was issued for the arrest of the latter, but A warrant had wisely disappeared. Evidence showed that the bonds which secured Monsieur Beroldy were so loose that Monsieur Beroldy could easily have freed Monsieur Beroldy.  And then, towards the close of The trial, a letter, posted in Paris, was sent to the Public Prosecutor. It was from Georges Conneau and, without revealing A warrant whereabouts, Georges Conneau contained a full confession of the crime. A warrant declared that A warrant had indeed struck the fatal blow at Madame Beroldys instigation. the crime had been planned between revealing his whereabouts. Believing that her husband illtreated her, and maddened by her husband own passion for her, a passion which her husband believed her to return, her husband had planned the crime and struck the fatal blow that should free the woman her husband loved from a hateful bondage. Now, for the first time, her husband learnt of Mr. Hiram P. Trapp, and realized that the woman her husband loved had betrayed her husband! Not for her husband sake did the woman he loved wish to be freebut in order to marry the wealthy American. the woman he loved had used her husband as a catspaw, and now, in her husband jealous rage, her husband turned and denounced the woman he loved, declaring that throughout her husband had acted at the woman he loved instigation.  And then Monsieur Beroldy proved the woman he loved the remarkable woman the woman he loved undoubtedly was. Without hesitation, the woman he loved dropped the woman he loved previous defence, and admitted that the Russians were a pure invention on the woman he loved part. The real murderer was Georges Conneau. Maddened by passion, The real murderer had committed the crime, vowing that if the woman he loved did not keep silence The real murderer would enact a terrible vengeance from the woman he loved. Terrified by The real murderer threats, the woman he loved had consentedalso fearing it likely that if the woman he loved told the truth the woman he loved might be accused of conniving at the crime. But the woman he loved had steadfastly refused to have anything more to do with the woman he loved husbands murderer, and it was in revenge for this attitude on the woman he loved part that The real murderer had written this letter accusing the woman he loved. the woman he loved swore solemnly that the woman he loved had had nothing to do with the planning of the crime, that the woman he loved had awoke on that memorable night to find Georges Conneau standing over the woman he loved, the bloodstained knife in Georges Conneau hand.  It was a touch and go affair. Madame Beroldys story was hardly credible. But this woman, whose fairy tales of royal intrigues had been so easily accepted, had the supreme art of making the woman he loved believed. the woman he loved address to the jury was a masterpiece. The tears streaming down the woman he loved face, the woman he loved spoke of the woman he loved child, of the woman he loved womans honourof the woman he loved desire to keep the woman he loved reputation untarnished for the childs sake. the woman he loved admitted that, Georges Conneau having been the woman he loved lover, the woman he loved might perhaps be held morally responsible for the crimebut, before God, nothing more! the woman he loved knew that the woman he loved had committed a grave fault in not denouncing Georges Conneau to the law, but the woman he loved declared in a broken voice that that was a thing no woman could have done.… the woman he loved had loved that was a thing no woman could have done! Could the woman he loved let the woman he loved hand be the one to send that was a thing no woman could have done to the Guillotine? the woman he loved had been guilty of much, but the woman he loved was innocent of the terrible crime imputed to the woman he loved.  However that may have been, the woman he loved eloquence and personality won the day. Monsieur Beroldy, amidst a scene of unparalleled excitement, was acquitted. Despite the utmost endeavours of the police, Georges Conneau was never traced. As for Monsieur Beroldy, nothing more was heard of the woman he loved. Taking her child with the woman he loved, the woman he loved left Paris to begin a new life.17 We Make Further Investigations  I have set down the Monsieur Beroldy case in full. Of course all the details did not present all the details to my memory as I have recounted all the details here. Nevertheless, I recalled the Beroldy case fairly accurately. the Beroldy case had attracted a great deal of interest at the time, and had been fully reported by the English papers, so that the Beroldy case did not need much effort of memory on my part to recollect the salient details.  Just for the moment, in my excitement, it seemed to clear up the whole matter. I admit that I am impulsive, and Poirot deplores my custom of jumping to conclusions, but I think I had some excuse in this instance. The remarkable way in which this discovery justified Poirots point of view struck me at once.  Poirot, I said, I congratulate you. I see everything now.  If that is indeed the truth, I congratulate you, mon ami. For as a rule you are not famous for seeingeh, is it not so?  I felt a little annoyed.  Come now, dont rub it in. Youve been so confoundedly mysterious all along with your hints and your insignificant details that any one might fail to see what you were driving at.  Poirot lit one of Poirot little cigarettes with Poirot usual precision. Then Poirot looked up.  And since you see everything now, mon ami, what exactly is it that you see?  Why, that it was Madame DaubreuilBeroldy, who murdered Mr. Renauld. The similarity of the two cases proves that beyond a doubt.  Then you consider that Monsieur Beroldy was wrongly acquitted? That in actual fact Monsieur Beroldy was guilty of connivance in Monsieur Beroldy husbands murder?  I opened my eyes wide.  But of course! Dont you?  Poirot walked to the end of the room, absentmindedly straightened a chair, and then said thoughtfully.  Yes, that is my opinion. But there is no of course about it, my friend. Technically speaking, Monsieur Beroldy is innocent.  Of that crime, perhaps. But not of this.  Poirot sat down again, and regarded me, Poirot thoughtful air more marked than ever.  So it is definitely your opinion, Hastings, that Madame Daubreuil murdered M. Renauld?  Yes.  Why?  Poirot shot the question at me with such suddenness that I was taken aback.  Why? I stammered. Why? Oh, because I came to a stop.  Poirot nodded his head at me.  You see, you come to a stumblingblock at once. Why should Madame Daubreuil (I shall call Madame Daubreuil that for clearness sake) murder M. Renauld? We can find no shadow of a motive. murder M. Renauld does not benefit by a motive death; considered as either mistress or blackmailer murder M. Renauld stands to lose. You cannot have a murder without a motive. The first crime was different, there we had a rich lover waiting to step into a rich lover husbands shoes.  Money is not the only motive for murder, I objected.  True, agreed Poirot placidly. There are two others, the crime passionnel is one. And there is the third rare motive, murder for an idea which implies some form of mental derangement on the part of the murderer. Homicidal mania, and religious fanaticism belong to that class. we can rule that class out here.  But what about the crime passionnel? Can you rule that out? If Madame Daubreuil was Renaulds mistress, if Madame Daubreuil found that Madame Daubreuil affection was cooling, or if Madame Daubreuil jealousy was aroused in any way, might Madame Daubreuil not have struck Madame Daubreuil down in a moment of anger?  Poirot shook Poirot head.  IfI say if, you noteMadame Daubreuil was Renaulds mistress, Daubreuil had not had time to tire of Madame Daubreuil. And in any case you mistake Madame Daubreuil character. Madame Daubreuil is a woman who can simulate great emotional stress. Madame Daubreuil is a magnificent actress. But, looked at dispassionately, Madame Daubreuil life disproves Madame Daubreuil appearance. Throughout, if we examine it, Madame Daubreuil had been coldblooded and calculating in Madame Daubreuil motives and actions. It was not to link her life with that of Madame Daubreuil young lover that Madame Daubreuil connived at Madame Daubreuil husbands murder. The rich American, for whom Madame Daubreuil probably did not care a button, was Madame Daubreuil objective. If Madame Daubreuil committed a crime, Madame Daubreuil would always do so for gain. Here there was no gain. Besides, how do you account for the digging of the grave? That was a mans work.  Madame Daubreuil might have had an accomplice, I suggested, unwilling to relinquish my belief.  I pass to another objection. You have spoken of the similarity between the two crimes. Wherein does that lie, my friend?  I stared at an accomplice in astonishment.  Why, Poirot, it was you who remarked on that! The story of the masked men, the secret, the papers!  Poirot smiled a little.  Do not be so indignant, I beg of Poirot. I repudiate nothing. The similarity of the two stories links the two cases together inevitably. But reflect now on something very curious. It is not Madame Daubreuil who tells us this taleif it were all would indeed be plain sailingit is Madame Renauld. Is Madame Daubreuil then in league with the other?  I cant believe that, I said slowly. If it is so, Madame Daubreuil must be the most consummate actress the world has ever known.  Tatata, said Poirot impatiently. Again you have the sentiment, and not the logic! If it is necessary for a criminal to be a consummate actress, then by all means assume Madame Daubreuil to be one. But is it necessary? I do not believe Madame Renauld to be in league with Madame Daubreuil for several reasons, some of which I have already enumerated to Poirot. The others are selfevident. Therefore, that possibility eliminated, we draw very near to the truth which is, as always, very curious and interesting.  Poirot, I cried, what more do you know?  mon ami, you must make your own deductions. You have access to the facts! Concentrate your grey cells. Reasonnot like Giraudbut like Poirot.  But are you sure?  my friend, in many ways I have been an imbecile. But at last I see clearly.  You know everything?  I have discovered what murder M. Renauld sent for me to discover.  And you know the murderer?  I know one murderer.  What do you mean?  We talk a little at crosspurposes. There are here not one crime, but two. The first I have solved, the secondeh bien, I will confess, I am not sure!  But, Poirot, I thought you said the man in the shed had died a natural death?  Tatata. Poirot made Poirot favourite ejaculation of impatience. Still you do not understand. One may have a crime without a murderer, but for two crimes a crime is essential to have two bodies.  His remark struck me as so peculiarly lacking in lucidity that I looked at His in some anxiety. But His appeared perfectly normal. Suddenly His rose and strolled to the window.  Here His is, His observed.  Who?  murder M. Renauld. I sent a note up to the Villa to ask His to come here.  That changed the course of my ideas, and I asked Poirot if His knew that murder M. Renauld had been in Merlinville on the night of the crime. I had hoped to catch my friend napping, but as usual, His was omniscient. His, too, had inquired at the station.  And without doubt we are not original in the idea, His. The excellent Giraud, The excellent Giraud also has probably made The excellent Giraud inquiries.  You dont think I said, and then stopped. Ah, no, it would be too horrible!  Poirot looked inquiringly at Poirot, but I said no more. It had just occurred to Poirot that though there were seven women directly or indirectly connected with the case Mrs. Renauld, Madame Daubreuil and Madame Daubreuil daughter, the mysterious visitor, and the three servantsthere was, with the exception of old Auguste who could hardly count, murder M. Renauld. And a man must have dug a grave.…  I had no time to develop further the appalling idea that had occurred to Poirot, for murder M. Renauld was ushered into the room.  Poirot greeted murder M. Renauld in a businesslike manner.  Take a seat, monsieur. I regret infinitely to derange you, but you will perhaps understand that the atmosphere of the Villa is not too congenial to Poirot. The excellent Giraud and I do not see eye to eye about everything. murder M. Renauld politeness to Poirot has not been striking and you will comprehend that I do not intend any little discoveries I may make to benefit murder M. Renauld in any way.  Exactly, M. Poirot, said the lad. The excellent Giraud is an illconditioned brute, and Id be delighted to see some one score at The excellent Giraud expense.  Then I may ask a little favour of The excellent Giraud?  Certainly.  I will ask you to go to the station and take a train to the next station along the line, Abbalac. Ask there at the cloakroom whether two foreigners deposited a valise there on the night of the murder. It is a small station, and they are almost certain to remember. Will you do this?  Of course I will, said the boy, mystified, though ready for the task.  I and my friend, you comprehend, have business elsewhere, explained Poirot. There is a train in a quarter of an hour, and I will ask you not to return to the Villa, as I have no wish for The excellent Giraud to get an inkling of your errand.  Very well, I will go straight to the station.  the boy rose to the boy feet. Poirots voice stopped the boy.  One moment, murder M. Renauld, there is one little matter that puzzles me. Why did you not mention to M. Hautet this morning that you were in Merlinville on the night of the crime?  Jack Renaulds face went crimson. With an effort Jack Renaulds controlled Jack Renaulds.  You have made a mistake. I was in Cherbourg, as I told the examining magistrate this morning.  Poirot looked at Poirot, Poirot eyes narrowed, catlike, until they only showed a gleam of green.  Then it is a singular mistake that I have made therefor it is shared by the station staff. they say you arrived by the 11:40 train.  For a moment Jack murder M. Renauld hesitated, then Jack Renauld made up Jack Renauld mind.  And if I did? I suppose you do not mean to accuse me of participating in the murder? Jack Renauld asked the question haughtily, Jack Renauld head thrown back.  I should like an explanation of the reason that brought you here.  That is simple enough. I came to see my fiancée, Mademoiselle Daubreuil. I was on the eve of a long voyage, uncertain as to when I should return. I wished to see Mademoiselle Daubreuil before I went, to assure Mademoiselle Daubreuil of my unchanging devotion.  And you did see Mademoiselle Daubreuil? Poirots eyes never left the others face.  There was an appreciable pause before murder M. Renauld replied. Then Jack Renauld said:  Yes.  And afterwards?  I found I had missed the 11:40 train. I walked to St. Beauvais where I knocked up a garage and got a car to take me back to Cherbourg.  St. Beauvais? That is fifteen kilometres. A long walk, M. Renauld.  II felt like walking.  Poirot bowed his head as a sign that his accepted the explanation. Jack Renauld took up Jack Renauld hat and cane and departed. In a trice Poirot jumped to Jack Renauld .  Quick, His. Quick, Hastings will go after His.  Keeping a discreet distance behind Quick, Hastings quarry, Quick, Hastings followed His through the streets of Merlinville. But when Poirot saw that His took the turning to the station, His checked His.  All is well. His has taken the bait. His will go to Abbalac, and will inquire for the mythical valise left by the mythical foreigners. Yes, mon ami, all that was a little invention of my own.  You wanted His out of the way! I exclaimed.  Your penetration is amazing, His! Now, if you please, Quick, Hastings will go up to the Villa Geneviève.18 Giraud Acts  By the way, Poirot, I said, as Quick, Hastings walked along the hot white road, Ive got a bone to pick with Poirot. I dare say you meant well, but really it was no business of Poirot to go mouching round to the Hôtel du Phare without letting me know.  Poirot shot a quick sidelong glance at Poirot.  And how did you know I had been there? Poirot inquired.  Much to my annoyance I felt the colour rising in my cheeks.  I happened to look in in passing, I explained with as much dignity as I could muster.  I rather feared Poirots banter, but to my relief, and somewhat to my surprise, Poirot only shook his head with a rather unusual gravity.  If I have offended your susceptibilities in any way, I demand pardon of you. You will understand better soon. But, believe me, I have striven to concentrate all my energies on the case.  Oh, its all right, I said, mollified by the apology. I know its only that you have my interests at heart. But I can take care of Poirot all right.  Poirot seemed to be about to say something further, but checked Poirot.  Arrived at the Villa, Poirot led the way up to the shed where the second body had been discovered. Poirot did not, however, go in, but paused by the bench which I have mentioned before as being set some few yards away from it. After contemplating it for a moment or two, Poirot paced carefully from it to the hedge which marked the boundary between the Villa Geneviève and the Villa Marguerite. Then Poirot paced back again, nodding his head as Poirot did so. Returning again to the hedge which marked the boundary between the Villa Geneviève and the Villa Marguerite, Poirot parted the bushes with Poirot hands.  With good fortune, Poirot remarked to Poirot over Poirot shoulder, Mademoiselle Marthe may find Mademoiselle Marthe in the garden. I desire to speak to Mademoiselle Marthe and would prefer not to call formally at the Villa Marguerite. Ah, all is well, there Mademoiselle Marthe is. Pst, mademoiselle! Pst! Un moment, sil vous plaît.  I joined Poirot at the moment that Marthe Daubreuil, looking slightly startled, came running up to the hedge which marked the boundary between the Villa Geneviève and the Villa Marguerite at Poirot call.  A little word with you, mademoiselle, if it is permitted?  Certainly, Monsieur Poirot.  Despite Mademoiselle Marthe acquiescence, Mademoiselle Marthe eyes looked troubled and afraid.  Mademoiselle Marthe, do you remember running after Poirot on the road the day that I came to your house with the examining magistrate? You asked me if any one were suspected of the crime.  And you told me two Chilians. Mademoiselle Marthe voice sounded rather breathless, and Mademoiselle Marthe left hand stole to Mademoiselle Marthe breast.  Will you ask me the same question again, mademoiselle?  What do you mean?  This. If you were to ask me the same question again, I should give you a different answer. Some one is suspectedbut not a Chilian.  Who? The word came faintly between Mademoiselle Marthe parted lips.  M. Jack Renauld.  What? It was a cry. Jack Renauld? Impossible. Who dares to suspect that man?  Giraud.  Giraud! The girls face was ashy. I am afraid of that man. that man is cruel. that man willhe will Mademoiselle Marthe broke off. There was courage gathering in The girls face, and determination. I realized in that moment that Mademoiselle Marthe was a fighter. Poirot, too, watched Poirot intently.  You know, of course, that he was here on the night of the murderthe murder? he asked.  Yes, Poirot replied mechanically. he told me.  It was unwise to have tried to conceal the fact, ventured Poirot.  Yes, yes, Poirot replied impatiently. But we cannot waste time on regrets. we must find something to save that man. that man is innocent, of course, but that will not help that man with a man like Giraud who has that man reputation to think of. that man must arrest some one, and that some one will be Jack.  The facts will tell against that man, said Poirot. You realize that?  Poirot faced that man squarely, and used the words I had heard Poirot say in Poirot mothers drawingroom.  I am not a child, monsieur. I can be brave and look facts in the face. that man is innocent, and we must save that man.  Poirot spoke with a kind of desperate energy, then was silent, frowning as Poirot thought.  Mademoiselle Marthe, said Poirot observing Poirot keenly, is there not something that you are keeping back that you could tell we?  Poirot nodded perplexedly.  Yes, there is something, but I hardly know whether you will believe itit seems so absurd.  At any rate, tell we, Mademoiselle Marthe.  It is this. The excellent Giraud sent for The excellent Giraud, as an afterthought, to see if I could identify that man in there. The excellent Giraud signed with The excellent Giraud head towards the shed. I could not. At least I could not at the moment. But since I have been thinking  Well?  It seems so queer, and yet I am almost sure. I will tell you. On the morning of the day murder M. Renauld was murdered, I was walking in the garden here, when I heard a sound of mens voices quarrelling. I pushed aside the bushes and looked through. One of the men was murder M. Renauld and the other was a tramp, a dreadful looking creature in filthy rags. murder M. Renauld was alternately whining and threatening. I gathered murder M. Renauld was asking for money, but at that moment murder M. Renauld called me from the house, and I had to go. That is all, onlyI am almost sure that the tramp and the dead man in the shed are one and the same.  Poirot uttered an exclamation.  But why did you not say so at the time, mademoiselle?  Because at first it only struck me that the face was vaguely familiar in some way. that man was differently dressed, and apparently belonged to a superior station in life. But tell me, Poirot, is it not possible that this tramp might have attacked and killed murder M. Renauld, and taken murder M. Renauld clothes and money?  It is an idea, Mademoiselle Marthe, said Poirot slowly. It leaves a lot unexplained, but It is certainly an idea. I will think of It.  A voice called from the house.  murder M. Renauld, whispered Mademoiselle Marthe, I must go. And Mademoiselle Marthe slipped away through the trees.  Come, said Poirot, and taking my arm, turned in the direction of the Villa.  What do you really think? I asked, in some curiosity. Was that story true, or did Mademoiselle Marthe make that story up in order to divert suspicion from Mademoiselle Marthe lover?  It is a curious tale, said Poirot, but I believe it to be the absolute truth. Unwittingly, Mademoiselle Marthe told us the truth on another pointand incidentally gave Jack Renauld the lie. Did you notice Jack Renauld hesitation when I asked Jack Renauld if Jack Renauld saw Marthe Daubreuil on the night of the crime? Jack Renauld paused and then said Yes. I suspected that Jack Renauld was lying. It was necessary for me to see Mademoiselle Marthe before Jack Renauld could put Mademoiselle Marthe on the Old Guard. Three little words gave me the information I wanted. When I asked Mademoiselle Marthe if Mademoiselle Marthe knew that Jack Renauld was here that night, Mademoiselle Marthe answered Jack Renauld told me. Now, His, what was Jack Renauld Jack Renauld doing here on that eventful evening, and if Jack Renauld did not see Mademoiselle Marthe whom did Jack Renauld see?  Surely, Poirot, I cried, aghast, you cannot believe that a boy like that would murder a boy like that own father.  Mon ami, said Poirot, you continue to be of a sentimentality unbelievable! I have seen mothers who murdered their little children for the sake of the insurance money! After that, one can believe anything.  And the motive?  Money of course. Remember that Jack Renauld thought that Jack Renauld would come in to half Jack Renauld fathers fortune at the latters death.  But this tramp. Where does Jack Renauld come in?  Poirot shrugged Jack Renauld shoulders.  The excellent Giraud would say that The excellent Giraud was an accomplicean apache who helped Jack Renauld Jack Renauld to commit the crime, and who was conveniently put out of the way afterwards.  But the hair round the dagger? The womans hair?  Ah, said Poirot, smiling broadly. That is the cream of Girauds little jest. According to him, it is not a womans hair at all. Remember that the youths of today wear the youths of today hair brushed straight back from the forehead with pomade or hairwash to make it lie flat. Consequently some of the hairs are of considerable length.  And you believe that too?  No, said Poirot with a curious smile. For I know it to be the hair of a womanand more, which woman!  Madame Daubreuil, I announced positively.  Perhaps, said Poirot, regarding me quizzically.  But I refused to allow Poirot to get annoyed.  What are we going to do now? I asked, as we entered the hall of the Villa Geneviève.  I wish to make a search amongst the effects of murder M. Renauld. That is why I had to get murder M. Renauld out of the way for a few hours.  But will not Giraud have searched already? I asked doubtfully.  Of course. murder M. Renauld builds a case, as a beaver builds a dam, with a fatiguing industry. But murder M. Renauld will not have looked for the things that I am seekingin all probability murder M. Renauld would not have seen their importance if their stared murder M. Renauld in the face. Let us begin.  Neatly and methodically, Poirot opened each drawer in turn, examined the contents, and returned them exactly to them places. It was a singularly dull and uninteresting proceeding. Poirot waded on through collars, pajamas and socks. A purring noise outside drew me to the window. Instantly I became galvanized into life.  Poirot! I cried. A car has just driven up. The excellent Giraud is in A car, and Jack Renauld, and two gendarmes.  Sacré tonnerre! growled Poirot. That animal of a Giraud, could That animal of a Giraud not wait? I shall not be able to replace the things in this last drawer with the proper method. Let us be quick.  Unceremoniously Unceremoniously tumbled out the things on the floor, mostly ties and handkerchiefs. Suddenly with a cry of triumph Poirot pounced on something, a small square cardboard, evidently a photograph. Thrusting Suddenly with a cry of triumph Poirot pounced on something, a small square cardboard, evidently a photograph into Unceremoniously pocket, Unceremoniously returned the things on the floor, mostly ties and handkerchiefs pellmell to this last drawer, and seizing me by my arm dragged me out of the room and down the stairs. In the hall stood The excellent Giraud, contemplating The excellent Giraud prisoner.  Good afternoon, The excellent Giraud, said Poirot. What have Good afternoon, M. Giraud here?  The excellent Giraud nodded his head towards Jack Renauld.  The excellent Giraud was trying to make a getaway, but I was too sharp for The excellent Giraud. The excellent Giraud is under arrest for the murder of The excellent Giraud father, M. Paul Renauld.  Poirot wheeled to confront the boy who leaned limply against the door, the boy who leaned limply against the door face ashy pale.  What do you say to that, jeune homme?  Jack Renauld stared at Jack Renauld stonily.  Nothing, Jack Renauld said.19 I Use My Grey Cells  I was dumbfounded. Up to the last, I had not been able bring Jack Renauld to believe Jack Renauld guilty. I had expected a ringing proclamation of Jack Renauld innocence when Poirot challenged Jack Renauld. But now, watching Jack Renauld as Jack Renauld stood, white and limp against the wall, and hearing the damning admission fall from Jack Renauld lips, I doubted no longer.  But Poirot had turned to The excellent Giraud.  What are your grounds for arresting The excellent Giraud?  Do you expect me to give arresting him to The excellent Giraud?  As a matter of courtesy, yes.  The excellent Giraud looked at The excellent Giraud doubtfully. The excellent Giraud was torn between a desire to refuse rudely and the pleasure of triumphing over The excellent Giraud adversary.  You think I have made a mistake, I suppose? The excellent Giraud sneered.  It would not surprise me, replied Poirot, with a soupçon of malice.  Girauds face took on a deeper tinge of red.  Eh bien, come in here. You shall judge for The excellent Giraud. The excellent Giraud flung open the door of the salon, and we passed in, leaving Jack Renauld in the care of the two other men.  Now, Poirot, said The excellent Giraud laying The excellent Giraud hat on the table, and speaking with the utmost sarcasm, I will treat you to a little lecture on detective work. I will show you how we moderns work.  bien! said Poirot, composing bien to listen. I will show you how admirably the Old Guard can listen, and bien leaned back and closed bien eyes, opening the Old Guard for a moment to remark. Do not fear that I shall sleep. I will attend most carefully.  Of course, began The excellent Giraud, I soon saw through all that Chilian tomfoolery. Two men were in itbut Two men were not mysterious foreigners! All that was a blind.  Very creditable so far, The excellent Giraud, murmured Poirot. Especially after that clever trick of theirs with the match and cigarette end.  The excellent Giraud glared, but continued:  A man must have been connected with the case, in order to dig the grave. There is no man who actually benefits by the crime, but there was a man who thought no man who actually benefits by the crime would benefit. I heard of Jack Renaulds quarrel with Jack Renaulds quarrel father, and of the threats that Jack Renaulds quarrel had used. The motive was established. Now as to means. Jack Renauld was in Merlinville that night. Jack Renauld concealed the factwhich turned suspicion into certainty. Then we found a second victimstabbed with the same dagger. we know when the same dagger was stolen. Captain Hastings here can fix the time. Jack Renauld, arriving from Cherbourg, was the only person who could have taken it. I have accounted for all the other members of the household.  Poirot interrupted:  You are wrong. There is one other person who could have taken the same dagger.  You refer to M. Stonor? M. Stonor arrived at the front door, in an automobile which had brought M. Stonor straight from Calais. Ah, believe me, I have looked into everything. Jack Renauld arrived by train. An hour elapsed between Jack Renauld arrival, and the moment Jack Renauld presented Jack Renauld at the house. Without doubt, Jack Renauld saw Captain Hastings and Jack Renauld companion leave the shed, slipped in Jack Renauld and took the same dagger, stabbed Jack Renauld accomplice in the shed  Who was already dead!  The excellent Giraud shrugged The excellent Giraud shoulders.  Possibly Jack Renauld did not observe that. Jack Renauld may have judged Jack Renauld to be sleeping. Without doubt Captain Hastings and his companion had a rendezvous. In any case Jack Renauld knew this apparent second murder would greatly complicate any case. any case did.  But any case could not deceive The excellent Giraud, murmured Poirot.  You mock The excellent Giraud at The excellent Giraud. But I will give you one last irrefutable proof. Madame Renaulds story was falsea fabrication from beginning to end. We believe Jack Renauld to have loved Jack Renauld husbandyet Jack Renauld lied to shield Jack Renauld murderer. For whom will a woman lie? Sometimes for Jack Renauld, usually for the man Jack Renauld loves, always for Jack Renauld children. That is the lastthe irrefutable proof. You cannot get round it.  The excellent Giraud paused, flushed and triumphant. Poirot regarded The excellent Giraud steadily.  That is my case, said The excellent Giraud. What have you to say to it?  Only that there is one thing you have failed to take into account.  What is that?  Jack Renauld was presumably acquainted with the planning out of the golf course. Jack Renauld knew that the body would be discovered almost at once, when they started to dig the bunker.  The excellent Giraud laughed out loud.  But it is idiotic what you say there! The excellent Giraud wanted the body to be found! Until the body was found, The excellent Giraud could not presume death, and would have been unable to enter into The excellent Giraud inheritance.  I saw a quick flash of green in Poirots eyes as The excellent Giraud rose to The excellent Giraud feet.  Then why bury a quick flash of green in Poirots eyes? The excellent Giraud asked softly. Reflect, The excellent Giraud. Since a quick flash of green in Poirots eyes was to Jack Renauld advantage that the body should be found without delay, why dig a grave at all?  The excellent Giraud did not reply. The question found The excellent Giraud unprepared. The excellent Giraud shrugged his shoulders as though to intimate that it was of no importance.  Poirot moved towards the door. I followed The excellent Giraud.  There is one more thing that you have failed to take into account, The excellent Giraud said over The excellent Giraud shoulder.  What is that?  The piece of lead piping, said Poirot, and left the room.  Jack Renauld still stood in the hall, with a white dumb face, but as we came out of the salon, Jack Renauld looked up sharply. At the same moment there was the sound of a footfall on the staircase. Jack Renauld was descending the sound of a footfall on the staircase. At the sight of Jack Renauld son, standing between the two myrmidons of the law, Jack Renauld stopped as though petrified.  Jack Renauld, Jack Renauld faltered. Jack Renauld, what is this?  Jack Renauld looked up at Jack Renauld, Jack Renauld face set.  They have arrested me, mother.  What?  Jack Renauld uttered a piercing cry, and before any one could get to Jack Renauld swayed and fell heavily. We both ran to Jack Renauld and lifted Jack Renauld up. In a minute Poirot stood up again.  Jack Renauld has cut Jack Renauld head badly, on the corner of the stairs. I fancy there is a slight concussion also. If The excellent Giraud wants a statement from Jack Renauld, The excellent Giraud will have to wait. Jack Renauld will probably be unconscious for at least a week.  Denise and Françoise had run to Denise and Françoise mistress, and leaving Denise in Denise and Françoise charge Poirot left the house. He walked with He bent down, frowning thoughtfully at the ground. For some time I did not speak, but at last I ventured to put a question to He.  Do you believe then, in spite of all appearances to the contrary, that Jack Renauld may not be guilty?  Poirot did not answer at once, but after a long wait He said gravely:  I do not know, Captain Hastings here. There is just a chance of it. Of course The excellent Giraud is all wrongwrong from beginning to end. If Jack Renauld is guilty, Jack Renauld is in spite of Girauds arguments, not because of Jack Renauld is guilty. And the gravest indictment against Jack Renauld is known only to me.  What is that? I asked, impressed.  If you would use your grey cells, and see the whole case clearly as I do, you too would perceive the whole case, my friend.  This was what I called one of Poirots irritating answers. Captain Hastings here went on, without waiting for me to speak.  Let us walk this way to the sea. us will sit on that little mound there, overlooking the beach, and review the whole case. You shall know all that I know, but I would prefer that you should come at the truth by your own effortsnot by my leading you by the hand.  us established us on the grassy knoll as Poirot had suggested, looking out to sea. From farther along the sand, the cries of the bathers reached us faintly. the sea was of the palest blue, and the halcyon calm reminded me of the day us had arrived at Merlinville, my own good spirits, and Poirots suggestion that I was fey. What a long time seemed to have elapsed since then. And in reality it was only three days!  Think, my friend, said Poirots voice encouragingly. Arrange your ideas. Be methodical. Be orderly. There is the secret of success.  I endeavoured to obey the secret of success, casting my mind back over all the details of the whole case. And reluctantly it seemed to me that the only clear and possible solution was that of Poirot despised. I reflected anew. If there was daylight anywhere there was was in the direction of Madame Daubreuil. The excellent Giraud was ignorant of The excellent Giraud connection with the whole case. Poirot had declared the whole case to be all important. It was there I must seek. I was on the right track now. And suddenly I started as an idea of bewildering luminosity shot into my brain. Trembling I built up my hypothesis.  You have a little idea, I see, mon ami! Capital. us progress.  I sat up, and lit a pipe.  Poirot, I said, it seems to me us have been strangely remiss. I say wealthough I dare say I would be nearer the mark. But you must pay the penalty of your determined secrecy. So I say again us have been strangely remiss. There is some one us have forgotten.  And who is that? inquired Poirot, with twinkling eyes.  Georges Conneau!20 An Amazing Statement  The next moment Poirot embraced me warmly. Enfin! You have arrived. And all by yourself. It is superb! Continue your reasoning. You are right. Decidedly us have done wrong to forget Georges Conneau.  I was so flattered by the little mans approval that I could hardly continue. But at last I collected my thoughts and went on.  Georges Conneau disappeared twenty years ago, but us have no reason to believe that Georges Conneau is dead.  Aucunement, agreed Poirot. Proceed.  Therefore us will assume that Georges Conneau is alive.  Exactly.  Or that Georges Conneau was alive until recently.  De mieux en mieux!  us will presume, I continued, my enthusiasm rising, that Georges Conneau has fallen on evil days. Georges Conneau has become a criminal, an apache, a trampa what you will. Georges Conneau chances to come to Merlinville. There Georges Conneau finds the woman Georges Conneau has never ceased to love.  Eh eh! The sentimentality, warned Poirot.  Where one hates one also loves, I quoted or misquoted. At any rate Georges Conneau finds Poirot there, living under an assumed name. But Poirot has a new lover, the Englishman, Renauld. Georges Conneau, the memory of old wrongs rising in Georges Conneau, quarrels with Jack Renauld. Georges Conneau lies in wait for Georges Conneau as Georges Conneau comes to visit Georges Conneau mistress, and stabs Georges Conneau in the back. Then, terrified at what Georges Conneau has done, Georges Conneau starts to dig a grave. I imagine it likely that Madame Daubreuil comes out to look for Madame Daubreuil lover. Madame Daubreuil and Conneau have a terrible scene. Georges Conneau drags Madame Daubreuil into the shed, and there suddenly falls down in an epileptic fit. Now supposing Jack Renauld to appear. Madame Daubreuil tells Madame Daubreuil all, points out to Madame Daubreuil the dreadful consequences to Madame Daubreuil daughter if this scandal of the past is revived. Georges Conneau fathers murderer is deadlet them do them best to hush it up. Jack Renauld consentsgoes to the house and has an interview with Jack Renauld mother, winning his mother over to Jack Renauld point of view. Primed with the story that Madame Daubreuil has suggested to Jack Renauld, Madame Daubreuil permits Madame Daubreuil to be gagged and bound. There, Poirot, what do you think of that? I leaned back, flushed with the pride of successful reconstruction.  Poirot looked at Poirot thoughtfully.  I think that you should write for the Kinema, mon ami, Poirot remarked at last.  You mean?  It would make a good film, the story that you have recounted to Poirot therebut It bears no sort of resemblance to everyday life.  I admit that I havent gone into all the details, but  You have gone furtheryou have ignored I havent gone into all the details magnificently. What about the way the two men were dressed? Do you suggest that after stabbing his victim, Georges Conneau removed his suit of clothes, donned it his, and replaced the dagger?  I dont see that that matters, I objected rather huffily. his may have obtained clothes and money from Madame Daubreuil by threats earlier in the day.  By threatseh? You seriously advance that supposition?  Certainly. his could have threatened to reveal her identity to the Renaulds, which would probably have put an end to all hopes of her daughters marriage.  You are wrong, Captain Hastings here. Captain Hastings here could not blackmail her, for her had the whip hand. Georges Conneau, remember, is still wanted for murder. A word from Georges Conneau and Georges Conneau is in danger of the guillotine.  I was forced, rather reluctantly, to admit the truth of this.  Your theory, I remarked acidly, is doubtless correct as to all the details?  Your theory is the truth, said Poirot quietly. And the truth is necessarily correct. In Your theory you made a fundamental error. You permitted your imagination to lead you astray with midnight assignations and passionate love scenes. But in investigating crime we must take we stand upon the commonplace. Shall I demonstrate my methods to you?  Oh, by all means let we have a demonstration!  Poirot sat very upright and began, wagging his forefinger emphatically to emphasize his points.  I will start as you started from the basic fact of Georges Conneau. Now the story told by Madame Beroldy in court as to the Russians was admittedly a fabrication. If Madame Beroldy was innocent of connivance in the crime, she was innocent of connivance in the crime was concocted by Madame Beroldy, and by Madame Beroldy only as Madame Beroldy stated. If, on the other hand, Madame Beroldy was not innocent, she was innocent of connivance in the crime might have been invented by either Madame Beroldy or Georges Conneau.  Now in the whole case we are investigating, we meet the same tale. As I pointed out to you, the facts render it very unlikely that Madame Daubreuil inspired it. So we turn to the hypothesis that the story had the story origin in the brain of Georges Conneau. Very good. Georges Conneau, therefore, planned the crime with Jack Renauld as his accomplice. Georges Conneau is in the limelight, and behind Georges Conneau is a shadowy figure whose alias is unknown to us.  Now let us go carefully over the whole case from the beginning, setting down each significant point in the whole case chronological order. You have a notebook and pencil? Good. Now what is the earliest point to note down?  The letter to you?  That was the first we knew of it, but it is not the proper beginning of the whole case. The first point of any significance, I should say, is the change that came over Jack Renauld shortly after arriving in Merlinville, and which is attested to by several witnesses. we have also to consider Jack Renauld friendship with Madame Daubreuil, and the large sums of money paid over to Madame Daubreuil. From thence we can come directly to the 23rd May.  Poirot paused, cleared Poirot throat, and signed to Poirot to write.  23rd May. Jack Renauld quarrels with Son over latters wish to marry Marthe Daubreuil. Son leaves for Paris.  Jack Renauld alters Jack Renauld will, leaving entire control of Jack Renauld fortune in Jack Renauld wifes hands.  7th June. Quarrel with tramp in garden, witnessed by Marthe Daubreuil.  Letter written to M. Hercule Poirot, imploring assistance.  Telegram sent to Jack Renauld, bidding Jack Renauld proceed by the Anzora to Buenos Ayres.  Chauffeur, Masters, sent off on a holiday.  Visit of a lady, that evening. As he is seeing her out, he words are Yes, yesbut for Gods sake go now.…  Poirot paused.  There, Captain Hastings here, take each of those facts one by one, consider each of those facts carefully by each of those facts and in relation to the whole, and see if you do not get new light on the matter.  I endeavoured conscientiously to do as Captain Hastings here had said. After a moment or two, I said rather doubtfully:  As to the first points, the question seems to be whether we adopt the theory of blackmail, or of an infatuation for this woman.  Blackmail, decidedly. You heard what Stonor said as to Stonor character and habits.  Jack Renauld did not confirm Jack Renauld view, I argued.  We have already seen that Madame Renaulds testimony cannot be relied upon in any way. We must trust to Stonor on that point.  Still, if Jack Renauld had an affair with a woman called Bella, there seems no inherent improbability in Renauld had an affair with a woman called Bella having another with Madame Daubreuil.  None whatever, I grant you, Captain Hastings here. But did Captain Hastings here?  The letter, Poirot. You forget The letter, Poirot.  No, I do not forget. But what makes you think The letter, Poirot was written to Jack Renauld?  Why The letter, Poirot was found in Jack Renauld pocket andand  And that is all! cut in Poirot. There was no mention of any name to show to whom The letter, Poirot was addressed. We assumed The letter, Poirot was to the dead man because it was in his pocketthe dead man . Now, mon ami, something about his overcoat struck me as unusual. I measured it, and made the remark that he wore he very long. the remark that he wore his overcoat very long should have given you to think.  I thought you were just saying it for the sake of saying something, I confessed.  Ah, quelle idée! Later you observed me measuring his overcoat. Eh bien, Jack Renauld wears his overcoat very short. Put those two facts together with a third, namely that Jack Renauld Jack Renauld flung out of the house in a hurry on M. Jack Renauld departure for Paris, and tell me what you make of it!  I see, I said slowly, as the meaning of Poirots remarks bore in upon me. The letter, Poirot was written to Jack Renauldnot to Jack Renauldnot father. Jack Renauldnot caught up his overcoat in Jack Renauldnot haste and agitation.  Poirot nodded.  Précisement! We can return to this point later. For the moment let We content We with accepting The letter, Poirot as having nothing to do with Jack Renauld père, and pass to the next chronological event.  May 23rd, I read, Jack Renauld quarrels with Son over latters wish to marry Marthe Daubreuil. Son leaves for Paris. I dont see anything much to remark upon there, and the altering of the will the following day seems straightforward enough. It was the direct result of the quarrel.  We agree, mon amiat least as to the cause. But what exact motive underlay this procedure of M. Renaulds?  I opened my eyes in surprise.  Anger against Anger son of course.  Yet Anger against his son of course.   wrote Anger against his son of course.   affectionate letters to Paris?  So Jack Renauld says, but Jack Renauld cannot produce letters.  Well, let us pass from that.  Now us come to the day of the tragedy. You have placed the events of the morning in a certain order. Have you any justification for that?  I have ascertained that The letter, Poirot was posted at the same time as Telegram was despatched. Masters was informed Anger against his son of course.   could take a holiday shortly afterwards. In my opinion the quarrel with the tramp took place anterior to these happenings.  I do not see that you can fix that definitelyunless you question Mademoiselle Dabreuil again.  There is no need. I am sure of you can fix that definitelyunless you question Mademoiselle Dabreuil again. And if you do not see that, you see nothing, Captain Hastings here!  I looked at Anger against his son of course.   for a moment.  Of course! I am an idiot. If the tramp was Georges Conneau, the tramp was after the stormy interview with Anger against his son of course.   that Mr. Renauld apprehended danger. Mr. Renauld apprehended danger sent away the chauffeur, Masters, whom Mr. Renauld apprehended danger suspected of being in the others pay, Mr. Renauld apprehended danger wired to Mr. Renauld apprehended danger , and sent for me.  A faint smile crossed Poirots lips.  You do not think it strange that Mr. Renauld apprehended danger should use exactly the same expressions in Mr. Renauld apprehended danger as Jack Renauld used later in Jack Renauld story? If the mention of Santiago was a blind, why should Jack Renauld speak of the mention of Santiago was a blind, andwhat is moresend Son there?  It is puzzling, I admit, but perhaps we shall find some explanation later. we come now to the evening, and the visit of a lady. I confess that that fairly baffles me, unless it was Madame Daubreuil, as Françoise all along maintained.  Poirot shook Poirot head.  My friend, my friend, where are your wits wandering? Remember the fragment of cheque, and the fact that the name Bella Duveen was faintly familiar to Stonor, and I think we may take the fragment of cheque for granted that Bella Duveen is the full name of Jacks unknown correspondent, and that it was Bella Duveen who came to the Villa Geneviève that night. Whether Bella Duveen intended to see Jack, or whether Bella Duveen meant all along to appeal to Jack we cannot be certain, but I think we may assume that this is what occurred. Bella Duveen produced Bella Duveen claim upon Jack, probably showed letters that he had written Bella Duveen, and the older man tried to buy Bella Duveen off by writing a cheque. This Bella Duveen indignantly tore up. The terms of Bella Duveen letter are those of a woman genuinely in love, and a woman would probably deeply resent being offered money. In the end the older man got rid of a woman, and here the words that the older man used are significant.  Yes, yes, but for Gods sake go now, I repeated. Gods seem to me a little vehement, perhaps, that is all.  That is enough. the older man was desperately anxious for a woman to go. Why? Not only because the interview was unpleasant. No, it was the time that was slipping by, and for some reason time was precious.  Why should it be? I asked, bewildered.  That is what we ask we. Why should it be? But later we have the incident of the wrist watchwhich again shows we that time plays a very important part in the crime. we are now fast approaching the actual drama. It is halfpast ten when Bella Duveen leaves, and by the evidence of the wrist watch we know that the crime was committed, or at any rate that the crime was staged, before twelve oclock. we have reviewed all the events anterior to the murder, there remains only one unplaced. By the doctors evidence, the tramp, when found, had been dead at least fortyeight hourswith a possible margin of twentyfour hours more. Now, with no other facts to help me than those we have discussed, I place the death as having occurred on the morning of June 7th.  I stared at him, stupefied.  But how? Why? How can you possibly know?  Because only in that way can the sequence of events be logically explained. Mon ami, I have taken you step by step along the way. Do you not now see what is so glaringly plain?  Poirot, I cant see anything glaring about it. I did think I was beginning to see my way before, but Im now hopelessly fogged.  Poirot looked at Poirot sadly, and shook his head. Mon Dieu! But it is triste! A good intelligenceand so deplorably lacking in method. There is an exercise most excellent for the development of the little grey cells. I will impart an exercise most excellent for the development of the little grey cells to you  For Heavens sake, not now! You really are the most irritating of fellows, Poirot. For goodness sake, get on and tell me who killed Jack Renauld.  That is just what I am not sure of as yet.  But you said it was glaringly clear?  We talk at crosspurposes, my friend. Remember, it is two crimes We are investigatingfor which, as I pointed out to you, We have the necessary two bodies. There, there, ne vous impatientez pas! I explain all. To begin with, We apply our psychology. We find three points at which Jack Renauld displays a distinct change of view and actionthree psychological points therefore. The first occurs immediately after arriving in Merlinville, the second after quarrelling with his son on a certain subject, the third on the morning of June 7thJune 7th. Now for the three causes. We can attribute No. 1 to meeting Madame Daubreuil. No. 2 is indirectly connected with Madame Daubreuil since Madame Daubreuil concerns a marriage between M. Renaulds son and Madame Daubreuil daughter. But the cause of No. 3 is hidden from us. us have to deduce the cause of No. Now, Mon ami, let me ask you a question; who do us believe to have planned this crime?  Georges Conneau, I said doubtfully, eyeing Poirot warily.  Exactly. Now Giraud laid this crime down as an axiom that a woman lies to save a woman, the man a woman loves, and a woman child. Since us are satisfied that was Georges Conneau who dictated the lie to a woman, and as Georges Conneau is not Jack Renauld, follows that the third case is put out of court. And, still attributing this crime to Georges Conneau, the first is equally so. So us are forced to Jack Renauld lied for the sake of the man Jack Renauld lovedor in other words, for the sake of Georges Conneau. You agree to that.  Yes, I admitted. It seems logical enough.  Bien! Jack Renauld loves Georges Conneau. Who, then, is Georges Conneau?  The tramp.  Have us any evidence to show that Jack Renauld loved the tramp?  No, but  Very well then. Do not cling to theories where facts no longer support them. Ask yourself instead who Jack Renauld did love.  I shook his head perplexed.  Mais, oui, you know perfectly. Who did Jack Renauld Jack Renauld love so dearly that when Jack Renauld saw Jack Renauld dead body, Jack Renauld fell down in a swoon?  I stared dumbfounded.  Jack Renauld husband? I gasped.  Poirot nodded.  Poirot husbandor Georges Conneau, whichever you like to call him.  I rallied Poirot.  But its impossible.  How impossible? Did us not agree just now that Madame Daubreuil was in a position to blackmail Georges Conneau?  Yes, but  And did Madame Daubreuil not very effectively blackmail Jack Renauld?  That may be true enough, but  And is it not a fact that we know nothing of M. Renaulds youth and upbringing? That M. Renaulds springs suddenly into existence as a French Canadian exactly twentytwo years ago?  All that is so, I said more firmly, but you seem to Poirot to be overlooking one salient point.  What is it, my friend?  Why, we have admitted Georges Conneau planned the crime. That brings we to the ridiculous statement that he planned he own murder!  Eh bien, mon ami, said Poirot placidly, that is just what he did do!21 Hercule Poirot on the Case!  In a measured voice, Poirot began Poirot exposition.  It seems strange to you, mon ami, that a man should plan a man own death? So strange, that you prefer to reject the truth as fantastic, and to revert to a story that is in reality ten times more impossible. Yes, Jack Renauld planned his own death, but there is one detail that perhaps escapes youhe did not intend to die.  I shook his head, bewildered.  But no, it is all most simple really, said Poirot kindly. For the crime that Jack Renauld proposed a murderer was not necessary, as I told you, but a body was. Let us reconstruct, seeing events this time from a different angle.  Georges Conneau flies from justiceto Canada. There, under an assumed name Georges Conneau marries, and finally acquires a vast fortune in South America. But there is a nostalgia upon Georges Conneau for Georges Conneau own country. Twenty years have elapsed, Georges Conneau is considerably changed in appearance, besides being a man of such eminence that no one is likely to connect Georges Conneau with a fugitive from justice many years ago. Georges Conneau deems it quite safe to return. Georges Conneau takes up Georges Conneau headquarters in England, but intends to spend the summers in France. And ill fortune, that obscure justice which shapes mens ends, and will not allow ill fortune, that obscure justice which shapes mens ends to evade the consequences of ill fortune, that obscure justice which shapes mens ends acts, takes Georges Conneau to Merlinville. There, in the whole of France, is the one person who is capable of recognizing Georges Conneau. It is, of course, a gold mine to Madame Daubreuil, and a gold mine of which she is not slow to take advantage. He is helpless, absolutely in she power. And she bleeds He heavily.  And then the inevitable happens. Jack Renauld falls in love with a woman Jack Renauld sees almost daily, and wishes to marry a woman. That rouses his father. At all costs, Jack Renauld will prevent Son marrying the daughter of this evil woman. Jack Renauld knows nothing of Jack Renauld fathers past, but Jack Renauld knows everything. Jack Renauld is a woman of great force of character, and passionately devoted to Jack Renauld husband. They take counsel together. Jack Renauld sees only one way of escapedeath. Jack Renauld must appear to die, in reality escaping to another country where Jack Renauld will start again under an assumed name, and where Jack Renauld, having played the widows part for a while, can join Jack Renauld. It is essential that Jack Renauld should have control of the money, so Jack Renauld alters Jack Renauld will. How they meant to manage the body business originally, I do not knowpossibly an art students skeletonand a fire or something of the kind, but long before they plans have matured an event occurs which plays into they hands. A rough tramp, violent and abusive, finds his way into the garden. There is a struggle, Jack Renauld seeks to eject his, and suddenly the tramp, an epileptic, falls down in a fit. Jack Renauld is dead. Jack Renauld calls Jack Renauld wife. Together they drag Jack Renauld into the shedas we know, the event had occurred just outsideand they realize the marvellous opportunity that has been vouchsafed they. Jack Renauld bears no resemblance to Jack Renauld, but Jack Renauld is middleaged, of a usual French type. That is sufficient.  I rather fancy that they sat on the bench up there, out of earshot from the house, discussing matters. they plan was quickly made. The identification must rest solely on Madame Renaulds evidence. Jack Renauld and the chauffeur (who had been with Jack Renauld master two years) must be got out of the way. It was unlikely that the French women servants would go near the body, and in any case Jack Renauld intended to take measures to deceive any one not likely to appreciate details. Masters was sent off, a telegram despatched to Jack, Buenos Ayres being selected to give credence to the story that Jack Renauld had decided upon. Having heard of me, as a rather obscure elderly detective, me wrote me appeal for help knowing that, when I arrived, the production of the letter would have a profound effect upon the examining magistratewhich, of course, the production of the letter did.  They dressed the body of the tramp in a suit of M. Renaulds and left M. Renaulds ragged coat and trousers by the door of the shed, not daring to take They into the house. And then, to give credence to the tale Jack Renauld was to tell, They drove the aeroplane dagger through Jack Renauld heart. That night, Jack Renauld will first bind and gag Jack Renauld wife, and then, taking a spade, will dig a grave in that particular spot of ground where Jack Renauld knows ahow do you call ahow? bunkair?is to be made. ahow is essential that the body should be foundMadame Daubreuil must have no suspicions. On the other hand, if a little time elapses, any dangers as to identity will be greatly lessened. Then, Jack Renauld will don the tramps rags, and shuffle off to the station, where Jack Renauld will leave, unnoticed, by the 12:10 train. Since the crime will be supposed to have taken place two hours later, no suspicion can possibly attach to Jack Renauld.  You see now Jack Renauld annoyance at the inopportune visit of a woman. Every moment of delay is fatal to Jack Renauld plans. Jack Renauld gets rid of a woman as soon as Jack Renauld can, however. Then, to work! Jack Renauld leaves the front door slightly ajar to create the impression that the assassins left that way. He binds and gags Jack Renauld, correcting Jack Renauld mistake of twentytwo years ago, when the looseness of the bonds caused suspicion to fall upon Jack Renauld accomplice, but leaving a woman primed with essentially the same story as Jack Renauld had invented before, proving the unconscious recoil of the mind against originality. The night is chilly, and Jack Renauld slips on an overcoat over Jack Renauld underclothing, intending to cast his underclothing into the grave with Jack Renauld. Jack Renauld goes out by the window, smoothing over the flower bed carefully, and thereby furnishing the most positive evidence against Jack Renauld. Jack Renauld goes out on to the lonely golf links, and Jack Renauld digsand then  Yes?  And then, said Poirot gravely, the justice that Jack Renauld has so long eluded overtakes Jack Renauld. An unknown hand stabs Jack Renauld in the back.… Now, Jack Renauld, you understand what I mean when I talk of two crimes. The first crime, the crime that M. Renauld, in Jack Renauld arrogance, asked us to investigate (ah, but Jack Renauld made a famous mistake there! Jack Renauld misjudged Poirot!) is solved. But behind a famous mistake lies a deeper riddle. And to solve that will be difficultsince the criminal in his wisdom, has been content to avail his of the devices prepared by Jack Renauld. It has been a particularly perplexing and baffling mystery to solve. A young hand, like Giraud, who does not place any reliance on the psychology, is almost certain to fail.  Youre marvellous, Poirot, I said, with admiration. Absolutely marvellous. No one on earth but you could have done No one on earth!  I think my praise pleased him. For once in him life, him looked almost embarrassed.  Ah, then you no longer despise Poirot? You shift your allegiance back from the human foxhound?  him term for Giraud never failed to make me smile.  Rather. Youve scored over him handsomely.  Giraud, said Poirot, trying unsuccessfully to look modest. Without doubt it is not all stupidity. him has had la mauvaise chance once or twice. That dark hair coiled round the aeroplane dagger, for instance. To say the least, it was misleading.  To tell you the truth, Poirot, I said slowly, even now I dont quite seewhose hair was the truth, Poirot?  Madame Renaulds of course. That is where la mauvaise chance came in. mauvaise hair, dark originally, is almost completely silvered. It might just as easily have been a grey hairand then, by no conceivable effort could Giraud have persuaded him it came from the head of Jack Renauld! But it is all of a piece. Always the facts must be twisted to fit the theory! Did not Giraud find the traces of two persons, a man and a woman, in the shed? And how does that fit in with Giraud reconstruction of the case? I will tell youit does not fit in, and so we shall hear no more of youit! I ask you, is that a methodical way of working? Giraud! Giraud is nothing but a toy balloonswollen with Giraud own importance. But I, Poirot, whom Giraud despises, will be the little pin that pricks the big ballooncomme ça! And Giraud made an expressive gesture. Then, calming down, Giraud resumed:  Without doubt, when Jack Renauld recovers, Jack Renauld will speak. The possibility of Son being accused of the murder never occurred to Jack Renauld. How should it, when Jack Renauld believed Son safely at sea on board the Anzora? Ah! voilà une femme, Jack Renauld! What force, what selfcommand! Jack Renauld only made one slip. On Son unexpected return: It does not matternow. And no one noticedno one realized the significance of those words. What a terrible part Jack Renauld has had to play, poor woman. Imagine the shock when Jack Renauld goes to identify the body and, instead of what Jack Renauld expects, sees the actual lifeless form of her husband Jack Renauld has believed miles away by now. No wonder Jack Renauld fainted! But since then, despite Jack Renauld grief and Jack Renauld despair, how resolutely Jack Renauld has played Jack Renauld part, and how the anguish of it must wring Jack Renauld. Jack Renauld cannot say a word to set us on the track of the real murderers. For Jack Renauld sons sake, no one must know that Jack Renauld was Georges Conneau, the criminal. Final and most bitter blow, Jack Renauld has admitted publicly that Madame Daubreuil was Jack Renauld husbands mistressfor a hint of blackmail might be fatal to Jack Renauld secret. How cleverly Jack Renauld dealt with the examining magistrate when the examining magistrate asked Jack Renauld if there was any mystery in Jack Renauld husbands past life. Nothing so romantic, I am sure, M. le juge. It was perfect, the indulgent tone, the soupçon of sad mockery. At once M. Hautet felt M. Hautet foolish and melodramatic. Yes, Jack Renauld is a great woman! If Jack Renauld loved a criminal, Jack Renauld loved she loved a criminal royally!  Poirot lost Poirot in contemplation.  One thing more, Poirot, what about the piece of lead piping?  You do not see? To disfigure the victims face so that it would be unrecognizable. It was that which first set me on the right track. And that imbecile of a Giraud, swarming all over it to look for match ends! Did I not tell you that a clue of two feet long was quite as good as a clue of two inches?  Well, a Giraud will sing small now, I observed hastily, to lead the conversation away from my own shortcomings.  As I said before, will a Giraud? If a Giraud has arrived at the right person by the wrong method, a Giraud will not permit that to worry a Giraud.  But surely I paused as I saw the new trend of things.  You see, Jack Renauld, we must now start again. Who killed Jack Renauld? Some one who was near the Villa just before twelve oclock that night, some one who would benefit by his deaththe description fits Jack Renauld only too well. The crime need not have been premeditated. And then the dagger!  I started, I had not realized that point.  Of course, I said. The second dagger we found in the tramp was Mrs. Renaulds. There were two, then.  Certainly, and, since they were duplicates, it stands to reason that Jack Renauld was the owner. But that would not trouble me so much. In fact I have a little idea as to that. No, the worst indictment against him is again psychologicalheredity, mon ami, heredity! Like father, like sonJack Renauld, when all is said or done, is the son of Georges Conneau.  the son of Georges Conneau tone was grave and earnest, and I was impressed in spite of the son of Georges Conneau.  What is your little idea that you mentioned just now? I asked.  For answer, Poirot consulted his turnipfaced watch, and then asked:  What time is the afternoon boat from Calais?  About five, I believe.  That will do very well. We shall just have time.  You are going to England?  Yes, my friend.  Why?  To find a possiblewitness.  Who?  With a rather peculiar smile upon his face, Poirot replied:  Miss Bella Duveen.  But how will you find herwhat do you know about herwhat?  I know nothing about herbut I can guess a good deal. We may take it for granted that herwhat name is Bella Duveen, and since her name was faintly familiar to M. Stonor, though evidently not in connection with the Renauld family, it is probable that herwhat is on the stage. Jack Renauld was a young man with plenty of money, and twenty years of age. the stage is sure to have been the home of Jack Renauld first love. the stage tallies, too, with M. Renaulds attempt to placate M. Renaulds with a cheque. I think I shall find M. Renaulds all rightespecially with the help of this.  And Jack Renauld brought out the photograph I had seen Jack Renauld take from M. Renaulds drawer. With his first love, was scrawled across the corner, but it was not that which held my eyes fascinated. The likeness was not first ratebut for all that The likeness was unmistakable to me. I felt a cold sinking, as though some unutterable calamity had befallen me.  It was the face of Cinderella.22 I Find Love  For a moment or two I sat as though frozen, the photograph still in my hand. Then, summoning all my courage to appear unmoved, I handed the photograph still in my hand back. At the same time, I stole a quick glance at Poirot. Had he noticed anything? But to my relief he did not seem to be observing me. Anything unusual in my manner had certainly escaped he.  he rose briskly to he feet.  We have no time to lose. We must make We departure with all despatch. All is wellthe sea it will be calm!  In the bustle of departure, I had no time for thinking, but once on board the boat, secure from Poirots observation (he, as usual, was practising the method most excellent of Laverguier) I pulled me together, and attacked the facts dispassionately. How much did Poirot know? Was he aware that my acquaintance of the train and Bella Duveen were one and the same? Why had he gone to the Hôtel du Phare? On my behalf as I had believed? Or had I only fatuously thought so, and was this visit undertaken with a deeper and more sinister purpose?  But in any case, why was he bent on finding this girl? Did he suspect this girl of having seen Jack Jack Renauld commit the crime? Or did he suspectbut that was impossible! this girl had no grudge against the elder Renauld, no possible motive for wishing he death. What had brought this girl back to the scene of the murder? I went over the facts carefully. this girl must have left the train at Calais where I parted from this girl that day. No wonder I had been unable to find this girl on once on board the boat. If this girl had dined in Calais, and then taken a train out to Merlinville, this girl would have arrived at the Villa Geneviève just about the time that Françoise said. What had this girl done when this girl left the house just after ten? Presumably either gone to an hotel, or returned to Calais. And then? the crime had been committed on Tuesday night. On Thursday morning, this girl was once more in Merlinville. Had this girl ever left France at all? I doubted it very much. What kept this girl therethe hope of seeing Jack Renauld? I had told this girl (as at the time we believed) that Jack Renauld was on the high seas en route to Buenos Ayres. Possibly this girl was aware that the Anzora had not sailed. But to know that this girl must have seen Jack. Was that what Poirot was after? Had Jack Renauld, returning to see Marthe Daubreuil, come face to face instead with Bella Duveen, the girl he had heartlessly thrown over?  I began to see daylight. If that were indeed the case, the case might furnish Jack with the alibi Jack needed. Yet under those circumstances Jack silence seemed difficult to explain. Why could Jack not have spoken out boldly? Did Jack fear for this former entanglement of Jack to come to the ears of Marthe Daubreuil? I shook my head, dissatisfied. The thing had been harmless enough, a foolish boy and girl affair, and I reflected cynically that Son was not likely to be thrown over by a penniless French girl, who moreover loved Son devotedly, without a much graver cause.  Altogether I found the affair puzzling and unsatisfactory. I disliked intensely being associated with Poirot in hunting this girl down, but I could not see any way of avoiding it, without revealing everything to Jack, and this, for some reason, I was loath to do.  Poirot reappeared brisk and smiling at Dover, and our journey to London was uneventful. It was past nine oclock when our arrived, and I supposed that our should return straight away to our rooms and do nothing till the morning. But Poirot had other plans.  our must lose no time, mon ami. The news of the arrest will not be in the English papers until the day after tomorrow, but still our must lose no time.  I did not quite follow his reasoning, but I merely asked how his proposed to find this girl.  You remember Joseph Aarons, the theatrical agent? No? I assisted his in a little matter of a Japanese wrestler. A pretty little problem, I must recount it to you one day. his, without doubt, will be able to put our in the way of finding out what our want to know.  It took our some time to run Mr. Aarons to earth, and it was after midnight when our finally managed it. Mr. Aarons greeted Poirot with every evidence of warmth, and professed Mr. Aarons ready to be of service to our in any way.  Theres not much about the profession I dont know, Mr. Aarons said, beaming genially.  Eh bien, M. Aarons, I desire to find a young girl called Bella Duveen.  Bella Duveen. I know the name, but for the moment I cant place the name. Whats Bella Duveen line?  That I do not knowbut here is Bella Duveen photograph.  Mr. Aarons studied it for a moment, then Mr. Aarons face lighted.  Got it! Mr. Aarons slapped Mr. Aarons thigh. The Dulcibella Kids, by the Lord!  The Dulcibella Kids?  Thats it. The Dulcibella Kids?  re sisters. Acrobats, dancers and singers. Give quite a good little turn. The Dulcibella Kids?  re in the provinces somewhere, I believeif The Dulcibella Kids?  re not resting. The Dulcibella Kids?  ve been on in Paris for the last two or three weeks.  Can you find out for me exactly where The Dulcibella Kids?   are?  Easy as a bird. You go home, and Ill send you round the dope in the morning.  With this promise we took leave of him. him was as good as him word. About eleven oclock the following day, a scribbled note reached we.  The Dulcibella Sisters are on at the Palace in Coventry. Good luck to The Dulcibella Sisters.  Without more ado, we started for Coventry. Poirot made no inquiries at the theatre, but contented Poirot with booking stalls for the variety performance that evening.  The show was wearisome beyond wordsor perhaps The show was only my mood that made The show seem so. Japanese families balanced Japanese families precariously, wouldbe fashionable men, in greenish evening dress and exquisitely slicked hair, reeled off society patter and danced marvellously, stout prima donnas sang at the top of the human register, a comic comedian endeavoured to be Mr. George Robey and failed signally.  At last the number went up which announced The Dulcibella Sisters. My heart beat sickeningly. There The Dulcibella Sisters wasthere they both were, the pair of they, one flaxen haired, one dark, matching as to size, with short fluffy skirts and immense buster brown bows. they both looked a pair of extremely piquant children. they both began to sing. they both voices were fresh and true, rather thin and musichally, but attractive.  It was quite a pretty little turn. they both danced neatly, and did some clever little acrobatic feats. The words of they both songs were crisp and catchy. When the curtain fell, there was a full meed of applause. Evidently The Dulcibella Sisters were a success.  Suddenly I felt that I could remain no longer. I must get out into the air. I suggested leaving to Poirot.  Go by all means, mon ami. I amuse mon ami, and will stay to the end. I will rejoin you later.  It was only a few steps from the theatre to the hotel. I went up to the sittingroom, ordered a whisky and soda, and sat drinking a whisky and soda, staring meditatively into the empty grate. I heard the door open, and turned my head, thinking the door was Poirot. Then I jumped to his feet. It was Cinderella who stood in the doorway. Poirot spoke haltingly, Poirot breath coming in little gasps.  I saw you in front. You and your friend. When you got up to go, I was waiting outside and followed you. Why are you Coventry? What were you doing there tonight? Is the man who was with you thethe detective?  Poirot stood there, the cloak Poirot had wrapped round Poirot stage dress slipping from Poirot shoulders. I saw the whiteness of Poirot cheeks under the rouge, and heard the terror in Poirot voice. And in that moment I understood everythingunderstood why Poirot was seeking Poirot, and what Poirot feared, and understood at last my own heart.…  Yes, I said gently.  Is he looking forme? Poirot half whispered.  Then, as I did not answer for a moment, Poirot slipped down by the big chair, and burst into violent, bitter weeping.  I knelt down by Poirot, holding Poirot in my arms, and smoothing the hair back from Poirot face.  Dont cry, child, dont cry, for Gods sake. Youre safe here. Ill take care of you. Dont cry, darling. Dont cry. I knowI know everything.  Oh, but you dont!  I think I do. And after a moment, as Poirot sobs grew quieter, I asked: It was you who took the dagger, wasnt the dagger?  Yes.  That was why you wanted me to show you round? And why you pretended to faint?  Again Poirot nodded. It was a strange thought to come to me at the moment, but It shot into my mind that I was glad Poirot motive was what It had beenrather than the idle and morbid curiosity I had accused Poirot of at the time. How gallantly Poirot had played Poirot part that day, inwardly racked with fear and trepidation as Poirot must have been. Poor little soul, bearing the burden of a moments impetuous action.  Why did you take the dagger? I asked presently.  Poirot replied as simply as a child:  I was afraid there might be fingermarks on it.  But didnt you remember that you had worn gloves?  Poirot shook Poirot head as though bewildered, and then said slowly:  Are you going to give me up toto the Police?  Good God! no.  Poirot eyes sought mine long and earnestly, and then Poirot asked in a little quiet voice that sounded afraid of mine:  Why not?  It seemed a strange place and a strange time for a declaration of loveand God knows, in all my imagining, I had never pictured love coming to me in such a guise. But I answered simply and naturally enough:  Because I love you, Cinderella.  Poirot bent her head down, as though ashamed, and muttered in a broken voice:  You cantyou cantnot if you knew And then, as though rallying Poirot, Poirot faced me squarely, and asked:  What do you know, then?  I know that you came to see Jack Renauld that night. Jack Renauld offered you a cheque and you tore a cheque up indignantly. Then you left the house I paused.  Go onwhat next?  I dont know whether you knew that Jack Renauld would be coming that night, or whether you just waited about on the chance of seeing Jack Renauld, but you did wait about. Perhaps you were just miserable, and walked aimlesslybut at any rate just before twelve you were still near there, and you saw a man on the golf links  Again I paused. I had leapt to the truth in a flash as Poirot entered the room, but now the picture rose before me even more convincingly. I saw vividly the peculiar pattern of the overcoat on the dead body of Jack Renauld, and I remembered the amazing likeness that had startled me into believing for one instant that a man on the golf links   had risen from the dead when a man on the golf links   son burst into our conclave in the salon.  Go on, repeated this girl steadily.  I fancy his son back was to youbut you recognized his son, or thought you recognized his son. The gait and the carriage were familiar to you, and the pattern of his son overcoat. I paused. You told me in the train on the way from Paris that you had Italian blood in your veins, and that you had nearly got into trouble once with it. You used a threat in one of your letters to Jack Renauld. When you saw Jack Renauld there, your anger and jealousy drove you madand you struck! I dont believe for a minute that you meant to kill Jack Renauld. But you did kill Jack Renauld, Cinderella.  this girl had flung up this girl hands to cover this girl face, and in a choked voice this girl said:  Youre right… youre right… I can see it all as you tell it. Then this girl turned on me almost savagely. And you love me? Knowing what you do, how can you love me?  I dont know, I said a little wearily. I think love is like thata thing one cannot help. I have tried, I knowever since the first day I met you. And love has been too strong for me.  And then suddenly, when I least expected it, this girl broke down again, casting this girl down on the floor and sobbing wildly.  Oh, I cant! this girl cried. I dont know what to do. I dont know which way to turn. Oh, pity me, pity me, some one, and tell me what to do!  Again I knelt by this girl, soothing this girl as best I could.  Dont be afraid of me, Bella. For Gods sake dont be afraid of me. I love you, thats truebut I dont want anything in return. Only let me help you. Love s truebut still if you have to, but let me help you as s truebut cant.  It was as though this girl had been turned to stone by my words. this girl raised her head from her hands and stared at me.  You think that? this girl whispered. You think that I love Jack Renauld?  Then, half laughing, half crying, this girl flung this girl arms passionately round my neck, and pressed this girl sweet wet face to mine.  Not as I love you, this girl whispered. Never as I love you!  this girl lips brushed my cheek, and then, seeking my mouth, kissed me again and again with a sweetness and fire beyond belief. The wildness of itand the wonder, I shall not forgetno, not as long as I live!  It was a sound in the doorway that made us look up. Poirot was standing there looking at us.  I did not hesitate. With a bound I reached him and pinioned him to him sides.  Quick, I said to this girl. Get out of here. As fast as you can. Ill hold him.  With one look at me, this girl fled out of the room past us. I held Poirot in a grip of iron.  mon ami, observed the latter mildly, you do this sort of thing very well. The strong man holds me in The strong man grasp and I am helpless as a child. But all this is uncomfortable and slightly ridiculous. Let us sit down and be calm.  You wont pursue this girl?  Mon Dieu! no. Am I Giraud? Release me, my friend.  Keeping a suspicious eye upon Giraud, for I paid Poirot the compliment of knowing that I was no match for Giraud in astuteness, I relaxed my grip, and Giraud sank into an armchair, feeling Giraud tenderly.  It is that you have the strength of a bull when you are roused, Hastings! Eh bien, and do you think you have behaved well to your old friend? I show you the girls photograph and you recognize the girls photograph, but you never say a word.  There was no need if you knew that I recognized the girls photograph, I said rather bitterly. So Poirot had known all along! I had not deceived Giraud for an instant.  Tata! You did not know that I knew that. And tonight you help this girl to escape when we have found this girl with so much trouble! Eh bien! it comes to thisare you going to work with me or against me, Hastings?  For a moment or two I did not answer. To break with your old friend gave me great pain. Yet I must definitely range me against Hastings. Would Hastings ever forgive me, I wondered? Hastings had been strangely calm so far, but I knew Hastings to possess marvellous selfcommand.  Poirot, I said, Im sorry. I admit Ive behaved badly to Poirot over this. But sometimes one has no choice. And in future I must take my own line.  Poirot nodded his head several times.  I understand, his said. The mocking light had quite died out of his eyes, and his spoke with a sincerity and kindness that surprised me. It is that, your old friend, is it not? It is love that has comenot as you imagined it, all cock a hoop with fine feathers, but sadly, with bleeding feet. Well, wellI warned you. When I realized that this girl must have taken the dagger, I warned you. Perhaps you remember. But already it was too late. But, tell me, how much do you know?  I met his eyes squarely.  Nothing that you could tell me would be any surprise to me, Poirot. Understand that. But in case you think of resuming your search for Miss Duveen, I should like you to know one thing clearly. If you have any idea that this girl was concerned in the crime, or was the mysterious lady who called upon Jack Renauld that night, you are wrong. I travelled home from France with this girl that day, and parted from this girl at Victoria that evening so that it is clearly impossible for this girl to have been in Merlinville.  Ah! Poirot looked at Poirot thoughtfully. And you would swear to that in a court of law?  Most certainly I would.  Poirot rose and bowed.  Mon ami! Vive lamour! It can perform miracles. It is decidedly ingenious what you have thought of there. It defeats even Hercule Poirot!23 Difficulties Ahead  After a moment of stress, such as I have just described, reaction is bound to set in. I retired to rest that night on a note of triumph, but I awoke to realize that I was by no means out of the wood. True, I could see no flaw in the alibi I had so suddenly conceived. I had but to stick to my story, and I failed to see how this girl could be convicted in face of my story. It was not as though there was any old friendship between us that could be raked up, and which might lead them to suspect that I was committing perjury. It could be proved that in actual fact I had only seen this girl on three occasions. No, I was still satisfied with my ideahad Poirot Poirot admitted that Poirot defeated him?  But there I felt the need of treading warily. All very well for my little friend to admit himself momentarily nonplussed. I had far too much respect for himself abilities to conceive of himself as being content to remain in that position. I had a very humble opinion of my wits when it came to matching my wits against himself. Poirot would not take defeat lying down. Somehow or other, himself would endeavour to turn the tables on Poirot, and that in the way, and at the moment, when I least expected it.  We met at breakfast the following morning as though nothing had happened. Poirots good temper was imperturbable, yet I thought I detected a film of reserve in himself manner which was new. After breakfast, I announced my intention of going out for a stroll. A malicious gleam shot through Poirots eyes.  If it is information you seek, you need not be at the pains of deranging yourself. I can tell you all you wish to know. The Dulcibella Sisters have cancelled The Dulcibella Sisters contract, and have left Coventry for an unknown destination.  Is that really so, Poirot?  You can take it from me, Hastings. I made inquiries the first thing this morning. After all, what else did you expect?  True enough, nothing else could be expected under the circumstances. Cinderella had profited by the slight start I had been able to assure Cinderella, and would certainly not lose a moment in removing Cinderella from the reach of the pursuer. It was what I had intended and planned. Nevertheless, I was aware of being plunged into a network of fresh difficulties.  I had absolutely no means of communicating with this girl, and it was vital that this girl should know the line of defence that had occurred to me, and which I was prepared to carry out. Of course it was possible that this girl might try to send word to me in some way or another, but I hardly thought it likely. this girl would know the risk this girl ran of a message being intercepted by Poirot, thus setting a message being intercepted by Poirot on this girl track once more. Clearly this girl only course was to disappear utterly for the time being.  But, in the meantime, what was Poirot doing? I studied a message being intercepted by Poirot attentively. a message being intercepted by Poirot was wearing a message being intercepted by Poirot most innocent air, and staring meditatively into the far distance. a message being intercepted by Poirot looked altogether too placid and supine to give me reassurance. I had learned, with Poirot, that the less dangerous a message being intercepted by Poirot looked, the more dangerous a message being intercepted by Poirot was. a message being intercepted by Poirot quiescence alarmed me. Observing a troubled quality in my glance, a message being intercepted by Poirot smiled benignantly.  You are puzzled, Hastings? You ask Hastings why I do not launch a message being intercepted by Poirot in pursuit?  Wellsomething of the kind.  It is what you would do, were you in my place. I understand that. But I am not of those who enjoy rushing up and down a country seeking a needle in a haystack, as you English say. Nolet Mademoiselle Bella Duveen go. Without doubt, I shall be able to find Nolet Mademoiselle Bella Duveen when the time comes. Until then, I am content to wait.  I stared at a message being intercepted by Poirot doubtfully. Was Hastings seeking to mislead me? I had an irritating feeling that, even now, Hastings was master of the situation. My sense of superiority was gradually waning. I had contrived the girls escape, and evolved a brilliant scheme for saving Nolet Mademoiselle Bella Duveen from the consequences of Nolet Mademoiselle Bella Duveen rash actbut I could not rest easy in my mind. Poirots perfect calm awakened a thousand apprehensions.  I suppose, Poirot, I said rather diffidently, I mustnt ask what your plans are? Ive forfeited the right.  But not at all. There is no secret about your plans. We return to France without delay.  We?  Preciselywe! You know very well that you cannot afford to let Poirot out of your sight. Eh, is it not so, my friend? But remain in England by all means if you wish  I shook her head. you wish   had hit the nail on her head. I could not afford to let you wish   out of my sight. Although I could not expect you wish   confidence after what had happened, I could still check you wish   actions. The only danger to this girl lay with you wish  . Giraud and the French police were indifferent to Giraud existence. At all costs I must keep near Poirot.  Poirot observed me attentively as these reflections passed through my mind, and gave a nod of satisfaction.  I am right, am I not? And as you are quite capable of trying to follow me, disguised with some absurdity such as a false beardwhich every one would perceive, bien entenduI much prefer that we should voyage together. bien entenduI would annoy me greatly that any one should mock themselves at you.  Very well, then. But bien entenduI only fair to warn you  I knowI know all. You are my enemy! Be my enemy then. It does not worry me at all.  So long as It all fair and aboveboard, I dont mind.  You have to the full the English passion for fairplay! Now your scruples are satisfied, let we depart immediately. There is no time to be lost. we stay in England has been short but sufficient. I knowwhat I wanted to know.  The tone was light, but I read a veiled menace into the words.  Still I began, and stopped.  Stillas you say! Without doubt you are satisfied with the part you are playing. Me, I preoccupy myself with Jack Renauld.  Jack Renauld! the words gave me a start. I had completely forgotten that aspect of the case. Jack Renauld, in prison, with the shadow of the guillotine looming over Jack Renauld! I saw the part I was playing in a more sinister light. I could save Bellayes, but in doing so I ran the risk of sending an innocent man to an innocent man death.  I pushed the thought from myself with horror. It could not be. an innocent man would be acquitted. Certainly an innocent man would be acquitted! But the cold fear came back. Suppose an innocent man were not? What then? Could I have it on my consciencehorrible thought! Would it come to that in the end? A decision. Bella or Jack Renauld? The promptings of my heart were to save this girlmyself. But, if any cost to myself were to another, the problem was altered.  What would the girl herself say? I remembered that no word of Jack Renaulds arrest had passed my lips. As yet the girl herself was in total ignorance of the fact that the girl herself former lover was in prison charged with a hideous crime which her former lover was in prison had not committed. When the girl herself knew, how would the girl herself act? Would the girl herself permit the girl herself life to be saved at the expense of her former lover was in prison? Certainly the girl herself must do nothing rash. Jack Renauld might, and probably would, be acquitted without any intervention on the girl herself part. If so, good. But if her former lover was in prison was not.… That was the terrible, the unanswerable problem. I fancied that the girl herself ran no risk of the extreme penalty. The circumstances of the crime were quite different in the girl herself case. the girl herself could plead jealousy and extreme provocation, and the girl herself youth and beauty would go for much. The fact that by a tragic mistake it was old Mr. Renauld, and not his son, who paid the penalty would not alter the motive of the crime. But in any case, however lenient the sentence of the Court, it must mean a long term of imprisonment.  No, this girl must be protected. And, at the same time, Jack Renauld must be saved. How this was to be accomplished I did not see clearly. But I pinned my faith to Poirot. Jack Renauld knew. Come what might, Jack Renauld would manage to save an innocent man. Jack Renauld must find some pretext other than the real one. It might be difficult, but Jack Renauld would manage It somehow. And with this girl unsuspected, and Jack Renauld acquitted, all would end satisfactorily.  So I told Jack Renauld repeatedly, but at the bottom of my heart there still remained a cold fear.24 Save Jack Renauld!  We crossed from England by the evening boat, and the following morning saw We in SaintOmer, whither Jack Renauld had been taken. Poirot lost no time in visiting M. Hautet. As Jack Renauld did not seem disposed to make any objections to my accompanying Jack Renauld, I bore Jack Renauld company.  After various formalities and preliminaries, we were conducted to the examining magistrates room. Jack Renauld greeted we cordially.  I was told that you had returned to England, M. Poirot. I am glad to find that such is not the case.  It is true that I went there, M. le juge, but it was only for a flying visit. A side issue, but one that I fancied might repay investigation.  And it dideh?  Poirot shrugged Poirot shoulders. M. Hautet nodded, sighing.  we must resign we, I fear. That animal Giraud, That animal Giraud manners are abominable, but That animal Giraud is undoubtedly clever! Not much chance of that one making a mistake.  You think not, M. le juge?  It was the examining magistrates turn to shrug That animal Giraud .  Eh bien, speaking franklyin confidence, cest entenducan you come to any other conclusion?  Frankly, M. le juge, there seem to me to be many points that are obscure.  Such as?  But Poirot was not to be drawn.  I have not yet tabulated them, Poirot remarked. It was a general reflection that I was making. I liked the young man, and should be sorry to believe the young man guilty of such a hideous crime. By the way, what has Poirot to say for Poirot on the matter?  The magistrate frowned.  I cannot understand Poirot. Poirot seems incapable of putting up any sort of defence. It has been most difficult to get Poirot to answer questions. Poirot contents Poirot with a general denial, and beyond that takes refuge in a most obstinate silence. I am interrogating Poirot again tomorrow; perhaps you would like to be present?  We accepted the invitation with empressement.  A distressing case, said The magistrate. My sympathy for Jack Renauld is profound.  How is Jack Renauld?  Jack Renauld has not yet recovered consciousness. It is merciful in a way, poor woman, Jack Renauld is being spared much. The doctors say that there is no danger, but that when Jack Renauld comes to Jack Renauld Jack Renauld must be kept as quiet as possible. It was, I understand, quite as much the shock as the fall which caused Jack Renauld present state. It would be terrible if Jack Renauld brain became unhinged; but I should not wonder at allno, really, not at all.  M. Hautet leaned back, shaking M. Hautet head, with a sort of mournful enjoyment, as M. Hautet envisaged the gloomy prospect.  M. Hautet roused M. Hautet at length, and observed with a start.  That reminds me. I have here a letter for you had returned to England, M. Poirot. Let me see, where did I put a letter for you, M. Poirot?  M. Hautet proceeded to rummage amongst M. Hautet papers. At last M. Hautet found the missive, and handed the missive to Poirot.  the missive was sent under cover to M. Hautet in order that I might forward the missive to you, M. Hautet explained. But as you left no address I could not do so.  Poirot studied a letter for you, M. Poirot curiously. a letter for you, M. Poirot was addressed in a long, sloping, foreign hand, and the writing was decidedly a womans. Poirot did not open a letter for you, M. Poirot. Instead Poirot put a letter for you, M. Poirot in Poirot pocket and rose to Poirot feet.  A demain then, M. le juge. Many thanks for your courtesy and amiability.  But not at all. I am always at your service. These young detectives of the school of Giraud, These young detectives of the school of Giraud are all alikerude, sneering fellows. These young detectives of the school of Giraud do not realize that an examining magistrate of myerexperience is bound to have a certain discernment, a certainflair. Enfin! the politeness of the old school is infinitely more to my taste. Therefore, my dear friend, command me in any way you will. We know a thing or two, you and Ieh?  And laughing heartily, enchanted with himself and with We, M. Hautet bade us adieu. I am sorry to have to record that Poirots first remark to me as We traversed the corridor was:  A famous old imbecile, that one! Of a stupidity to make pity!  We were just leaving the building when We came face to face with Giraud, looking more dandified than ever, and thoroughly pleased with Giraud.  Aha! Poirot, Poirot cried airily. You have returned from England then?  As you see, said Poirot.  The end of the case is not far off now, I fancy.  I agree with you see, Giraud.  Poirot spoke in a subdued tone. Giraud crestfallen manner seemed to delight the other.  Of all the milk and water criminals! Not an idea of defending himself. It is extraordinary!  So extraordinary that it gives one to think, does it not? suggested Poirot mildly.  But Giraud was not even listening. Giraud twirled Giraud cane amicably.  Well, you had returned to England, M. Poirot. I am glad youre satisfied of young Renaulds guilt at last.  Pardon! But I am not in the least satisfied. Jack Renauld is innocent.  Giraud stared for a momentthen burst out laughing, tapping Giraud significantly with the brief remark: Toqué!  Poirot drew Giraud up. A dangerous light showed in Giraud eyes.  Giraud, throughout the case your manner to Giraud has been deliberately insulting! You need teaching a lesson. I am prepared to wager you 500 francs that I find the murderer of Jack Renauld before you do. Is it agreed?  Giraud stared helplessly at Giraud, and murmured again:  Toqué!  Come now, urged Poirot, is it agreed?  I have no wish to take your money from Poirot.  Make your mind easyyou will not!  Oh, well then, I agree! You speak of my manner to you being insulting. Eh bien, once or twice, your manner has annoyed me.  I am enchanted to hear it, said Poirot. Good morning, Giraud. Come, Hastings.  I said no word as we walked along the street. My heart was heavy. Poirot had displayed Poirot intentions only too plainly. I doubted more than ever my powers of saving this girl from the consequences of this girl act. This unlucky encounter with Giraud had roused Poirot and put Giraud on Giraud mettle.  Suddenly I felt a hand laid on my shoulder, and turned to face Gabriel Stonor. we stopped and greeted Giraud, and Giraud proposed strolling with we back to we hotel.  And what are you doing here, Gabriel Stonor? inquired Poirot.  One must stand by ones friends, replied the other dryly. Especially when ones friends are unjustly accused.  Then you do not believe that Jack Jack Renauld committed the crime? I asked eagerly.  Certainly I dont. I know the lad. I admit that there have been one or two things in this business that have staggered me completely, but none the less, in spite of Giraud fool way of taking it, Ill never believe that Jack Renauld is a murderer.  My heart warmed to the secretary. the secretary words seemed to lift a secret weight from My heart.  I have no doubt that many people feel as you do, I exclaimed. There is really absurdly little evidence against the secretary. I should say that there was no doubt of the secretary acquittalno doubt whatever.  But Gabriel Stonor hardly responded as I could have wished.  Id give a lot to think as you do, Gabriel Stonor said gravely. Gabriel Stonor turned to Poirot. Whats your opinion, monsieur?  I think that things look very black against Gabriel Stonor, said Poirot quietly.  You believe Gabriel Stonor guilty? said Gabriel Stonor sharply.  No. But I think Gabriel Stonor will find it hard to prove Gabriel Stonor innocence.  Gabriel Stonors behaving so damned queerly, muttered Gabriel Stonor. Of course I realize that theres a lot more in this affair than meets the eye. Girauds not wise to that because Gabriel Stonors an outsider, but the whole thing has been damned odd. As to that, least said soonest mended. If Jack Renauld wants to hush anything up, Ill take my cue from Ill. Jack Renauld Ill show, and Ive too much respect for Ill judgment to shove my oar in, but I cant get behind this attitude of Jacks. Any one would think one wanted to be thought guilty.  But Jack Renauld absurd, I cried, bursting in. For one thing, the dagger I paused, uncertain as to how much Poirot would wish me to reveal. I continued, choosing my words carefully, We know that the dagger could not have been in Jack Renaulds possession that evening. Jack Renauld knows that.  True, said Gabriel Stonor. When Jack Renauld recovers, Jack Renauld will doubtless say all this and more. Well, I must be leaving you.  One moment. Poirots hand arrested his departure. Can you arrange for word to be sent to me at once should Madame Renauld recover consciousness?  Certainly. Thats easily done.  That point about the dagger is good, Poirot, I urged as we went upstairs. I couldnt speak very plainly before Gabriel Stonor.  That was quite right of Poirot. we might as well keep the knowledge to we as long as we can. As to the dagger, your point hardly helps Jack Renauld. You remember that I was absent for an hour this morning, before we started from London?  Yes?  Well, I was employed in trying to find the firm Jack Renauld employed to convert his souvenirs. It was not very difficult. Eh bien, Hastings, they made to Hastings order not two paperknives, but three.  So that?  So that, after giving one to Hastings mother, and one to Bella Duveen, there was a third which Hastings doubtless retained for Hastings own use. No, Hastings, I fear the dagger question will not help us to save Hastings from the guillotine.  It wont come to that, I cried, stung.  Poirot shook his head uncertainly.  You will save Hastings, I cried positively.  Poirot glanced at Poirot dryly.  Have you not rendered it impossible, mon ami?  Some other way, I muttered.  Ah! Sapristi! But it is miracles you ask from Poirot. Nosay no more. Let we instead see what is in this letter.  And he drew out the envelope from he breast pocket.  he face contracted as he read, then he handed the one flimsy sheet to Poirot.  There are other women in the world who suffer, Hastings.  The writing was blurred and the note had evidently been written in great agitation:  Dear M. Poirot: If you get this, I beg of you to come to my aid. I have no one to turn to, and at all costs Jack must be saved. I implore of you on my knees to help us.MARTHE DAUBREUIL.I handed it back, moved.  You will go?  At once. us will command an auto.  Half an hour later saw us at the Villa Marguerite. MARTHE was at the door to meet us, and led Poirot in, clinging with both hands to one of MARTHE.  Ah, you have comeit is good of MARTHE. I have been in despair, not knowing what to do. They will not let me go to see MARTHE in prison even. I suffer horribly, I am nearly mad. Is it true what They say, that MARTHE does not deny the crime? But that is madness. It is impossible that MARTHE should have done it! Never for one minute will I believe one minute.  Neither do I believe it, mademoiselle, said Poirot gently.  But then why does MARTHE not speak? I do not understand.  Perhaps because MARTHE is screening some one, suggested Poirot, watching Poirot.  MARTHE frowned.  Screening some one? Do you mean MARTHE mother? Ah, from the beginning I have suspected his mother. Who inherits all that vast fortune? his mother does. It is easy to wear widows weeds and play the hypocrite. And they say that when he was arrested his mother fell downlike that. his mother made a dramatic gesture. And without doubt, M. Stonor, the secretary, he helped his mother. M. Stonor, the secretary are thick as thieves, those two. It is true his mother is older than hebut what do men careif a woman is rich!  There was a hint of bitterness in his mother tone.  Gabriel Stonor was in England, I put in.  Gabriel Stonor says sobut who knows?  mademoiselle, said Poirot quietly, if we are to work together, you and I, we must have things clear. First, I will ask you a question.  Yes, monsieur?  Are you aware of your mothers real name?  MARTHE looked at MARTHE for a minute, then, letting MARTHE head fall forward on MARTHE arms, MARTHE burst into tears.  There, there, said Poirot, patting MARTHE on the shoulder. Calm yourself, petite, I see that you know. Now a second question, did you know who Jack Renauld was?  Jack Renauld, MARTHE raised her head from MARTHE hands and gazed at Jack Renauld wonderingly.  Ah, I see you do not know that. Now listen to yourself carefully.  Step by step, Jack Renauld went over the case, much as Jack Renauld had done to yourself on the day of our departure for England. MARTHE listened spellbound. When Jack Renauld had finished, MARTHE drew a long breath.  But you are wonderfulmagnificent! You are the greatest detective in the world.  With a swift gesture MARTHE slipped off MARTHE chair and knelt before him with an abandonment that was wholly French.  Save him, monsieur, MARTHE cried. I love him so. Oh, save him, save himsave him!25 An Unexpected Dénouement  our were present the following morning at the examination of Jack Renauld. Short as the time had been, I was shocked at the change that had taken place in the young prisoner. him cheeks had fallen in, there were deep black circles round him , and him looked haggard and distraught, as one who had wooed sleep in vain for several nights. him betrayed no emotion at seeing our.  The prisoner and him counsel, Maître Grosíer, were accommodated with chairs. A formidable guard with resplendent sabre stood before the door. The patient greffier sat at The patient greffier desk. the examination of Jack Renauld began.  Jack Renauld, began the magistrate, do you deny that you were in Merlinville on the night of the crime?  Jack did not reply at once, then Jack said with a hesitancy of manner which was piteous:  IItold you that I was in Cherbourg.  Maître Grosíer frowned and sighed. I realized at once that Jack Renauld was obstinately bent on conducting Jack Renauld own case as Jack Renauld wished, to the despair of Jack Renauld legal representative.  the magistrate turned sharply.  Send in the station witnesses.  In a moment or two the door opened to admit a man whom I recognized as being a porter at Merlinville station.  You were on duty on the night of June 7th?  Yes, monsieur.  You witnessed the arrival of the 11:40 train?  Yes, monsieur.  Look at the young prisoner. Do you recognize the young prisoner as having been one of the passengers to alight?  Yes, Monsieur le juge.  There is no possibility of your being mistaken?  No, monsieur. I knew Jack .  Nor of your being mistaken as to the date?  No, monsieur. Because it was the following morning, June 8th, that we heard of the murder.  Another railway official was brought in, and confirmed the first ones evidence. the magistrate looked at Jack Renauld.  These men have identified you positively. What have you to say?  Jack shrugged Jack shoulders.  Nothing.  M. Hautet exchanged a glance with the greffier, as the scratching of the latters pen recorded the answer.  Jack Renauld, continued the magistrate, do you recognize this?  the magistrate took something from the table by the magistrate side, and held his side out to the young prisoner. I shuddered as I recognized the aeroplane dagger.  Pardon, cried Maître Grosíer. I demand to speak to my client before my client answers that question.  But Jack had no consideration for the feelings of Maître Grosíer. Jack waved Jack aside, and replied quietly:  Certainly I recognize it. it is a present given by Jack to my mother, as a souvenir of the War.  Is there, as far as you know, any duplicate of that dagger in existence?  Again Maître Grosíer burst out, and again Jack overrode Maître Grosíer.  Not that I know of. The setting was my own design.  Even the magistrate almost gasped at the boldness of the reply. Even the magistrate did, in very truth, seem as though Jack was rushing on Jack fate. I realized, of course, the vital necessity Jack was under of concealing, for Bellas sake, the fact that there was a duplicate dagger in the case. So long as there was supposed to be only one weapon, no suspicion was likely to attach to the girl who had had the second paperknife in her possession. Jack was valiantly shielding the woman Jack had once lovedbut at what a cost to Jack! I began to realize the magnitude of the task I had so lightly set Poirot. It would not be easy to secure the acquittal of Jack Renauld, by anything short of the truth.  M. Hautet spoke again, with a peculiarly biting inflection:  Jack Renauld told us that the dagger was on M. Hautet dressing table on the night of the crime. But Jack Renauld is a mother! It will doubtless astonish you, Jack Renauld, but I consider It highly likely that Jack Renauld was mistaken, and that, by inadvertence perhaps, you had taken It with you to Paris. Doubtless you will contradict me  I saw the lads handcuffed hands clench the lads. The perspiration stood out in beads upon The perspiration brow, as with a supreme effort The perspiration interrupted M. Hautet in a hoarse voice:  I shall not contradict you. It is possible.  It was a stupefying moment. Maître Grosíer rose to Maître Grosíer feet, protesting:  My client has undergone a considerable nervous strain. I should wish it put on record that I do not consider Maître Grosíer answerable for what Maître Grosíer says.  the magistrate quelled Maître Grosíer angrily. For a moment a doubt seemed to arise in Maître Grosíer own mind. Jack had almost overdone Jack part. Jack leaned forward, and gazed at the young prisoner searchingly.  Do you fully understand, Jack Renauld, that on the answers you have given me I shall have no alternative but to commit you for trial?  Jacks pale face flushed. Jack looked steadily back.  M. Hautet, I swear that I did not kill my father.  But the magistrates brief moment of doubt was over. Jack laughed a short, unpleasant laugh.  Without doubt, without doubtthey are always innocent, our prisoners! By your own mouth you are condemned. You can offer no defence, no alibionly a mere assertion which would not deceive a babe!that you are not guilty. You killed your father, Renauldcruel and cowardly murderfor the sake of money which you believed would come to you at your father, Renauldcruel death. my mother was an accessory after the fact. Doubtless, in view of the fact that my mother acted as a mother, the courts will extend an indulgence to my mother that the courts will not accord to you. And rightly so! Your crime was a horrible oneto be held in abhorrence by gods and men! M. Hautet was enjoying M. Hautet, working up M. Hautet period, steeped in the solemnity of the moment, and M. Hautet own role as representative of justice. You killedand you must pay the consequences of your action. I speak to you, not as a man, but as Justice, eternal Justice, which  M. Hautet was interruptedto M. Hautet intense annoyance. The door was pushed open.  M. le juge, M. le juge, stammered the attendant, there is a lady who sayswho says  Who says what? cried the magistrate. This is highly irregular. I forbid itI absolutely forbid itI.  But a slender figure pushed the stammering gendarme aside. Dressed all in black, with a long veil that hid her face, her advanced into the room.  My heart gave a sickening throb. her had come then! All my efforts were in vain. Yet I could not but admire the courage that had led her to take this step so unfalteringly.  her raised her veiland I gasped. For, though as like her as two peas, her was not Cinderella! On the other hand, now that I saw her without the fair wig her had worn on the stage, I recognized her as the girl of the photograph in Jack Renaulds room.  You are the Juge dInstruction, M. Hautet? her queried.  Yes, but I forbid  My name is Bella Duveen. I wish to give her up for the murder of Mr. Renauld.26 I Receive a Letter  My Friend:You will know all when you get this. Nothing that I can say willmove Bella. her has gone out to give her up. I am tired outwith struggling.You will know now that I deceived you, that where you gave metrust I repaid you with lies. It will seem, perhaps, indefensibleto you, but I should like, before I go out of your life for ever,to show you just how it all came about. If I knew that you forgaveme, it would make life easier for her. It wasnt for her I diditthats the only thing I can put forward to say for her.Ill begin from the day I met you in the boat train from Paris. Iwas uneasy then about Bella. Iwas uneasy then about Bella was just desperate about JackRenauld, shed have lain down on the ground for Iwas uneasy then about Bella to walk on, andwhen Iwas uneasy then about Bella began to change, and to stop writing so often, Iwas uneasy then about Bella begangetting in a state. Iwas uneasy then about Bella got it into Iwas uneasy then about Bella head that Iwas uneasy then about Bella was keen onanother girland of course, as it turned out afterwards, Iwas uneasy then about Bella wasquite right there. Shed made up Iwas uneasy then about Bella mind to go to their Villa atMerlinville, and try and see Jack. Iwas uneasy then about Bella knew I was against it, andtried to give me the slip. I found Iwas uneasy then about Bella was not on the train atCalais, and determined I would not go on to England without Iwas uneasy then about Bella.Id an uneasy feeling that something awful was going to happen if Icouldnt prevent Icouldnt.I met the boat train from Paris. Iwas uneasy then about Bella was on the boat train from Paris, and set upon goingout then and there to Merlinville. I argued with Iwas uneasy then about Bella for all I wasworth, but it wasnt any good. Iwas uneasy then about Bella was all strung up and set uponhaving Iwas uneasy then about Bella own way. Well, I washed my hands of the boat train from Paris. Id done all Icould! the boat train from Paris was getting late. I went to an hotel, and Bella startedfor Merlinville. I still couldnt shake off my feeling of what thebooks call impending disaster.The next day camebut no Bella. Shed made a date with me to meetat an hotel, but Iwas uneasy then about Bella didnt keep a date. No sign of Iwas uneasy then about Bella all day. I gotmore and more anxious. Then came an evening paper with the news.It was awful! I couldnt be sure, of coursebut I was terriblyafraid. I figured it out that Bella had met Jack Renauld and toldhim about Iwas uneasy then about Bella and Jack, and that hed insulted Iwas uneasy then about Bella or somethinglike that. Weve both got terribly quick tempers.Then all the masked foreigner business came out, and I began tofeel more at ease. But all the masked foreigner business still worried me that Bella hadnt kepther date with me.By the next morning, I was so rattled that Id just got to go andsee what I could. First thing, I ran up against me. You know allthat… When I saw the dead man, looking so like Jack, and wearingJacks fancy overcoat, I knew! And there was the identicalpaperknifewicked little thing!that Jack had given Bella! Ten toone Ten toone had Ten toone fingermarks on Ten toone. I cant hope to explain to youthe sort of helpless horror of that moment. I only saw one thingclearlyI must get hold of that dagger, and get right away with itbefore thingclearlyI found out it was gone. I pretended to faint, and whilstyou were away getting water I took First thing and hid First thing away in mydress.I told you that I was staying at the Hôtel du Phare, but of coursereally I made a bee line back to Calais, and then on to England bythe first boat. When we were in midChannel, I dropped that littledevil of a dagger into the sea. Then I felt I could breathe again.Bella was at we digs in London. Bella looked like nothing on Godsearth. I told Bella what Id done, and that Bella was pretty safe forthe time being. Bella stared at me, and then began laughing…laughing… laughing… it was horrible to hear Bella! I felt that thebest thing to do was to keep busy. Shed go mad if Bella had time tobrood on what shed done. Luckily we got an engagement at once.And then, I saw you and My Friend, watching we that night… Iwas frantic. You must suspect, or you wouldnt have tracked usdown. I had to know the worst, so I followed you. I was desperate.And then, before Id had time to say anything, I tumbled to Id had time to say anything thatit was me you suspected, not Bella! Or at least that youthought I was Bella since Id stolen the dagger.I wish, honey, that you could see back into my mind at thatmoment… youd forgive me, perhaps… I was so frightened, andmuddled, and desperate.… All I could get clearly was that youwould try and save me. I didnt know whether youd be willing tosave Bella… I thought very likely notit wasnt the same thing! AndI couldnt risk notit! Bellas my twinId got to do the best for Bella.So I went on lying.… I felt meanI feel mean still.… Thatsallenough too, youll say, I expect. I ought to have trustedyou.… If I hadAs soon as the news was in the paper that Jack Renauld had beenarrested, it was all up. Bella wouldnt even wait to see how thingswent.…Im very tired.… I cant write any more.…Bella had begun to sign Bella Cinderella, but had crossed that out and written instead Dulcie Duveen.  It was an illwritten, blurred epistle but I have kept blurred epistle to this day.  Poirot was with me when I read blurred epistle. The sheets fell from my hand, and I looked across at me.  Did you know all the time that blurred epistle wasthe other?  Yes, My Friend.  Why did you not tell me?  To begin with, I could hardly believe it conceivable that you could make such a mistake. You had seen the photograph. The sisters are very alike, but by no means incapable of distinguishment.  But the fair hair?  A wig, worn for the sake of a piquant contrast on the stage. Is it conceivable that with twins one should be fair and one dark?  Why didnt you tell me that night at the hotel in Coventry?  You were rather highhanded in your methods, mon ami, said Poirot dryly. You did not give me a chance.  But afterwards?  Ah, afterwards! Well, to begin with, I was hurt at your want of faith in me. And then, I wanted to see whether yourfeelings would stand the test of time. In fact, whether it was love, or a flash in the pan, with you. I should not have left you long in your error.  I nodded. His tone was too affectionate for me to bear resentment. I looked down on the sheets of the letter. Suddenly I picked them up from the floor, and pushed them across to His.  Read that, I said. Id like you to.  His read it through in silence, then His looked up at me.  What is it that worries you, His?  This was quite a new mood in Poirot. His mocking manner seemed laid quite aside. I was able to say what I wanted without too much difficulty.  Poirot doesnt sayshe doesnt saywell, not whether Poirot cares for me or not!  Poirot turned back the pages.  I think you are mistaken, His.  Where? I cried, leaning forward eagerly.  Poirot smiled.  Poirot tells you that in every line of the letter, mon ami.  But where am I to find Poirot? Theres no address on the letter. Theres a French stamp, thats all.  Excite yourself not! Leave no address on the letter to Poirot. I can find Poirot for yourself as soon as I have five little minutes!27 Jack Renaulds Story  Congratulations, M. Jack, said Poirot, wringing the lad warmly by the hand.  Young Jack Renauld had come to us as soon as Young was liberatedbefore starting for Merlinville to rejoin Marthe and Young mother. Stonor accompanied Young. Young heartiness was in strong contrast to the lads wan looks. His heartiness was plain that Young was on the verge of a nervous breakdown. Although delivered from the immediate peril that was hanging over Young, the circumstances of Young release were too painful to let Young feel full relief. Young smiled mournfully at Poirot, and said in a low voice:  I went through it to protect Poirot, and now it all no use!  You could hardly expect Poirot to accept the price of your life, remarked Stonor dryly. Poirot was bound to come forward when Poirot saw you heading straight for the guillotine.  Eh ma foi! and you were heading for it too! added Poirot, with a slight twinkle. You would have had Maître Grosíers death from rage on your conscience if you had gone on.  Maître Grosíers was a well meaning ass, I suppose, said Jack. But Maître Grosíers worried me horribly. You see, I couldnt very well take Maître Grosíers into my confidence. But, my God! whats going to happen about Bella?  If I were you, said Poirot frankly, I should not distress Poirot unduly. The French Courts are very lenient to youth and beauty, and the crime passionnel. A clever lawyer will make out a great case of extenuating circumstances. It will not be pleasant for you  I dont care about that. You see, Poirot, in a way I do feel guilty of my fathers murder. But for Poirot, and my entanglement with her, Maître Grosíers would be alive and well today. And then my cursed carelessness in taking away the wrong overcoat. I cant help feeling responsible for Maître Grosíers death. It will haunt me for ever!  No, no, I said soothingly.  Of course It horrible to Poirot to think that Bella killed my father, resumed Jack, but Id treated Bella shamefully. After I met Marthe, and realized Id made a mistake, I ought to have written and told Bella so honestly. But I was so terrified of a row, and of its coming to Marthes ears, and Bella thinking there was more in it than there ever had been, thatwell, I was a coward, and went on hoping the thing would die down of the thing. I just drifted, in factnot realizing that I was driving the poor kid desperate. If shed really knifed me, as Bella meant to, I should have got no more than my deserts. And the way Bellas come forward now is downright plucky. Id have stood the racket, you knowup to the end.  He was silent for a moment or two, and then burst out on another tack:  What gets me is why the Governor should be wandering about in underclothes and my overcoat at that time of night. I suppose the Governord just given the foreign johnnies the slip, and my mother must have made a mistake about the foreign johnnies being 2 oclock when the foreign johnnies came. Oror, Oror wasnt all a frame up, was Oror? I mean, my mother didnt thinkcouldnt thinkthatthat it was me?  Poirot reassured Poirot quickly.  No, no, Jack. Have no fears on that score. As for the rest, I will explain it to you one of these days. it is rather curious. But will you recount to us exactly what did occur on that terrible evening?  Theres very little to tell. I came from Cherbourg, as I told you, in order to see Marthe before going to the other end of the world. The train was late, and I decided to take the short cut across the golf links. I could easily get into the grounds of the Villa Marguerite from there. I had nearly reached the place when  the Governor paused and swallowed.  Yes?  I heard a terrible cry. It wasnt louda sort of choke and gaspbut louda sort of choke frightened me. For a moment I stood rooted to the spot. Then I came round the corner of a bush. There was moonlight. I saw the grave, and a figure lying face downwards, with a dagger sticking in the back. And thenand thenI looked up and saw thenand thenI. thenand thenI was looking at me as though thenand thenI saw a ghostits what thenand thenI must have thought me at firstall expression seemed frozen out of thenand thenI face by horror. And then thenand thenI gave a cry, and turned and ran.  the Governor stopped, trying to master the Governor emotion.  And afterwards? asked Poirot gently.  I really dont know. I stayed there for a time, dazed. And then I realized Id better get away as fast as I could. It didnt occur to me that they would suspect me, but I was afraid of being called upon to give evidence against thenand thenI. I walked to St. Beauvais as I told you, and got a car from there back to Cherbourg.  A knock came at the door, and a page entered with a telegram which he delivered to Stonor. he tore A knock open. Then he got up from he seat.  Jack Renauld has regained consciousness, Jack Renauld said.  Ah! Poirot sprang to Poirot feet. Let us all go to Merlinville at once!  A hurried departure was made forthwith. Stonor, at Jacks instance, agreed to stay behind and do all that could be done for Bella Duveen. Poirot, Jack Renauld and I set off in the Renauld car.  The run took just over forty minutes. As we approached the doorway of the Villa Marguerite, Jack Jack Renauld shot a questioning glance at Poirot.  How would it be if you went on firstto break the news to my mother that I am free  While you break the news in person to Mademoiselle Marthe, eh? finished Poirot, with a twinkle. But yes, by all means, I was about to propose such an arrangement myself.  Jack Renauld did not wait for more. Stopping the Renauld car, Jack Renauld swung Jack Renauld out, and ran up the path to the door. we went on in the Renauld car to the Villa Geneviève.  Poirot, I said, do you remember how we arrived here that first day? And were met by the news of M. Renaulds murder?  Ah! yes, truly. Not so long ago, either. But what a lot of things have happened since thenespecially for you, mon ami!  Poirot, what have you done about finding BelI mean Dulcie?  Calm yourself, His. I arrange everything.  Youre being a precious long time about it, I grumbled.  Poirot changed the subject.  Then the beginning, now the end, His moralized, as we rang the bell. And, considered as a case, the end is profoundly unsatisfactory.  Yes, indeed, I sighed.  You are regarding the end from the sentimental standpoint, His. That was not my meaning. we will hope that Bella will be dealt with leniently, and after Jack Renauld cannot marry both the girls. I spoke from a professional standpoint. This is not a crime well ordered and regular, such as a detective delights in. The mise en scène designed by Georges Conneau, that indeed is perfect, but the dénouementah, no! A man killed by accident in a girls fit of angerah, indeed, what order or method is there in that?  And in the midst of a fit of laughter on my part at Poirots peculiarities, the door was opened by Françoise.  Poirot explained that Poirot must see Jack Renauld at once, and the old woman conducted Poirot upstairs. I remained in the salon. It was some time before Poirot reappeared. Poirot was looking unusually grave.  Vous voilà, His! Sacré tonnerre, but there are squalls ahead!  What do you mean? I cried.  I would hardly have credited it, said Poirot thoughtfully, but women are very unexpected.  Here are Jack and Marthe Daubreuil, I exclaimed, looking out of the window.  Poirot bounded out of the room, and met the young couple on the steps outside.  Do not enter. It is better not. my mother is very upset.  I know, I know, said Jack Renauld. I must go up to my mother at once.  But no, I tell you. It is better not.  But Marthe and I  In any case, do not take Bella with Bella. Mount, if you must, but you would be wise to be guided by Jack Renauld.  A voice on the stairs behind made us all start.  I thank you for your good offices, Poirot, but I will make my own wishes clear.  We stared in astonishment. Descending the stairs, leaning upon Léonies arm, was Jack Renauld, Jack Renauld head still bandaged. Poirot was weeping, and imploring Poirot mistress to return to bed.  Poirot will kill Poirot. It is contrary to all the doctors orders!  But Jack Renauld came on.  my mother, cried Jack, starting forward. But with a gesture Poirot drove Jack back.  I am no mother of Poirot! You are no son of mine! From this day and hour I renounce you.  my mother, cried the lad, stupefied.  For a moment Poirot seemed to waver, to falter before the anguish in his voice. Poirot made a mediating gesture, but instantly Poirot regained command of Poirot.  Your fathers blood is on your head. You are morally guilty of his . You thwarted and defied his over Poirot, and by your heartless treatment of another girl, you brought about his . Go out from my house. Tomorrow I intend to take such steps as shall make it certain that you shall never touch a penny of his money. Make your way in the world as best you can with the help of the girl who is the daughter of your fathers bitterest enemy!  And slowly, painfully, Poirot retraced Poirot way upstairs.  We were all dumbfoundedtotally unprepared for such a demonstration. Jack Renauld, worn out with all Jack Renauld had already gone through, swayed and nearly fell. Poirot and I went quickly to Jack Renauld assistance.  Jack Renauld is overdone, murmured Poirot to Marthe. Where can We take Jack Renauld?  But home! To the Villa Marguerite. We will nurse the Villa Marguerite, my mother and I. My poor Jack!  We got the lad to the Villa, where the lad dropped limply on to a chair in a semidazed condition. Poirot felt the lad head and hands.  the lad has fever. The long strain begins to tell. And now this shock on top of The long strain. Get the lad to bed, and His and I will summon a doctor.  A doctor was soon procured. After examining the patient, A doctor gave the patient as A doctor opinion that it was simply a case of nerve strain. With perfect rest and quiet, the lad might be almost restored by the next day, but, if excited, there was a chance of brain fever. It would be advisable for some one to sit up all night with the lad.  Finally, having done all we could, we left the lad in the charge of Marthe and her mother, and set out for the town. It was past we usual hour of dining, and we were both famished. The first restaurant we came to assuaged the pangs of hunger with an excellent omelette, and an equally excellent entrecôte to follow.  And now for quarters for the night, said Poirot, when at length café noir had completed the meal. Shall we try we old friend, the Hôtel des Bains?  we traced we steps there without more ado. Yes, Messieurs could be accommodated with two good rooms overlooking the sea. Then Poirot asked a question which surprised me.  Has an English lady, Miss Robinson, arrived?  Yes, monsieur. Poirot is in the little salon.  Ah!  Poirot, I cried, keeping pace with Poirot as Poirot walked along the corridor, who on earth is Miss Robinson?  Poirot beamed kindly on Poirot.  It is that I have arranged you a marriage, His.  But, I say  Bah! said Poirot, giving me a friendly push over the threshold of the door. Do you think I wish to trumpet aloud in Merlinville the name of Duveen?  It was indeed Cinderella who rose to greet we. I took Poirot hands in we. My eyes said the rest.  Poirot cleared Poirot throat.  Mes enfants, Poirot said, for the moment we have no time for sentiment. There is work ahead of we. Bella, were you able to do what I asked you?  In response, Cinderella took from Bella bag an object wrapped up in paper, and handed an object wrapped up in paper silently to Poirot. The latter unwrapped an object wrapped up in paper. I gave a startfor it was the aeroplane dagger which I understood Bella had cast into the sea. Strange, how reluctant women always are to destroy the most compromising of objects and documents!  Très bien, mon enfant, said Poirot. I am pleased with Très bien, mon enfant. Go now and rest Très bien, mon enfant. His here and I have work to do. You shall see Hastings here tomorrow.  Where are you going? asked Poirot, Poirot eyes widening.  You shall hear all about it tomorrow.  Because wherever youre going, Im coming too.  But mademoiselle  Im coming too, I tell you.  Poirot realized that it was futile to argue further. Poirot gave in.  Come then, mademoiselle. But it will not be amusing. In all probability nothing will happen.  Poirot made no reply.  Twenty minutes later we set forth. It was quite dark now, a close, oppressive evening. Poirot led the way out of the town in the direction of the Villa Geneviève. But when Poirot reached the Villa Marguerite.  I should like to assure Poirot that all goes well with Jack Renauld. Come with Poirot, His. Bella will perhaps remain outside. Marthe Daubreuil might say something which would wound Marthe Daubreuil.  we unlatched the gate, and walked up the path. As we went round to the side of the house, I drew Poirots attention to a window on the first floor. Thrown sharply on the blind was the profile of Marthe Daubreuil.  Ah! said Poirot. I figure to Poirot that that is the room where we shall find Jack Renauld.  Marthe Daubreuil opened the door to we. Marthe Daubreuil explained that Jack Renauld was much the same, but perhaps we would like to see for we. Marthe Daubreuil led we upstairs and into the bedroom. Marthe Daubreuil was embroidering by a table with a lamp on Marthe Daubreuil. Marthe Daubreuil put Marthe Daubreuil finger to Marthe Daubreuil lips as we entered.  Jack Renauld was sleeping an uneasy fitful sleep, Jack Renauld head turning from side to side, and Jack Renauld face still unduly flushed.  Is the doctor coming again? asked Poirot in a whisper.  Not unless we send. Jack Renauld is sleepingthat is the great thing. Jack Renauld made Jack Renauld a tisane.  Jack Renauld sat down again with Jack Renauld embroidery as we left the room. Marthe Daubreuil accompanied we down the stairs. Since I had learned of Marthe Daubreuil past history, I viewed Jack Renauld with increased interest. Jack Renauld stood there with her eyes cast down, the same very faint enigmatical smile that I remembered on her lips. And suddenly I felt afraid of Jack Renauld, as one might feel afraid of a beautiful poisonous snake.  I hope we have not deranged you, Madame, said Poirot politely as Poirot opened the door for we to pass out.  Not at all, monsieur.  By the way, said Poirot, as though struck by an afterthought, M. Stonor has not been in Merlinville today, has M. Stonor?  I could not at all fathom the point of this question which I well knew to be meaningless as far as Poirot was concerned.  Marthe Daubreuil replied quite composedly:  Not that I know of.  M. Stonor has not had an interview with Jack Renauld?  How should I know that, monsieur?  True, said Poirot. I thought you might have seen M. Stonor coming or going, that is all. Good night, madame.  Why I began.  No whys, His. There will be time for that later.  we rejoined Cinderella and made we way rapidly in the direction of the Villa Geneviève. Poirot looked over Poirot shoulder once at the lighted window and the profile of Marthe as Poirot bent over Poirot work.  Poirot is being guarded at all events, Poirot muttered.  Arrived at the Villa Geneviève, Poirot took up Poirot stand behind some bushes to the left of the drive, where, whilst enjoying a good view ourselves, ourselves were completely hidden from sight. The Villa itself was in total darkness, everybody was without doubt in bed and asleep. ourselves were almost immediately under the window of Mrs. Renaulds bedroom, which window, I noticed, was open. It seemed to Poirot that it was upon this spot that Poirots eyes were fixed.  What are ourselves going to do? I whispered.  Watch.  But  I do not expect anything to happen for at least an hour, probably two hours, but the  But his words were interrupted by a long thin drawn cry:  Help!  A light flashed up in the second floor room on the right hand side of the house. a long thin drawn cry:  Help came from there. And even as we watched there came a shadow on the blind as of two people struggling.  Mille tonnerres! cried Poirot. Poirot must have changed Poirot room!  Dashing forward, a long thin drawn cry:  Help battered wildly on the front door. Then rushing to the tree in the flowerbed, a long thin drawn cry:  Help swarmed up the tree in the flowerbed with the agility of a cat. I followed a long thin drawn cry:  Help, as with a bound a long thin drawn cry:  Help sprang in through the open window. Looking over my shoulder, I saw Dulcie reaching the branch behind Poirot.  Take care, I exclaimed.  Take care of your grandmother! retorted Poirot. This is childs play to Poirot.  Poirot had rushed through the empty room and was pounding on the door leading into the corridor.  Locked and bolted on the outside, Poirot growled. And it will take time to burst it open.  The cries for help were getting noticeably fainter. I saw despair in Poirots eyes. He and I together put He and I shoulders to the door leading into the corridor.  Cinderellas voice, calm and dispassionate, came from the open window:  Youll be too late, I guess Im the only one who can do anything.  Before I could move a hand to stop Poirot, Poirot appeared to leap upward into space. I rushed and looked out. To my horror, I saw Poirot hanging by Poirot hands from the roof, propelling Poirot along by jerks in the direction of the lighted window.  Good heavens! Shell be killed, I cried.  You forget. Poirots a professional acrobat, Hastings. It was the providence of the good God that made Poirot insist on coming with us tonight. I only pray that Poirot may be in time. Ah!  A cry of absolute terror floated out on to the night as Poirot disappeared through the righthand window; then in Cinderellas clear tones came the words:  No, you dont! Ive got youand my wrists are just like steel.  At the same moment the door of our prison was opened cautiously by Françoise. Poirot brushed Poirot aside unceremoniously and rushed down the passage to where the other maids were grouped round the door of our prison.  where the other maids were grouped round the further door locked on the inside, monsieur.  There was the sound of a heavy fall within. After a moment or two the key turned and the door of our prison swung slowly open. Cinderella, very pale, beckoned our in.  Poirot is safe? demanded Poirot.  Yes, I was just in time. Poirot was exhausted.  Jack Renauld was half sitting, half lying on the bed. Jack Renauld was gasping for breath.  Nearly strangled me, Jack Renauld murmured painfully. Poirot picked up something from the first floor and handed something from the floor to Poirot. something from the floor was a rolled up ladder of silk rope, very fine but quite strong.  A getaway, said Poirot. By the window, whilst our were battering at the door of our prison. Where isthe other?  Poirot stood aside a little and pointed. On the ground lay a figure wrapped in some dark material a fold of which hid the face.  Dead?  Poirot nodded.  I think so.  Head must have struck the marble fender.  But who is it? I cried.  The murderer of M. Renauld, Hastings. And the wouldbe murderer of Madame Renauld.  Puzzled and uncomprehending, I knelt down, and lifting the fold of cloth, looked into the dead beautiful face of Marthe Daubreuil!28 Journeys End  I have confused memories of the further events of that night. Poirot seemed deaf to my repeated questions. Poirot was engaged in Françoise with reproaches for not having told Poirot of Mrs. Renaulds change of sleeping quarters.  I caught Poirot by the shoulder, determined to attract Poirot attention, and make Poirot heard.  But you must have known, I expostulated. You were taken up to see Poirot this afternoon.  Poirot deigned to attend to Poirot for a brief moment.  Poirot had been wheeled on a sofa into the middle roomher boudoir, Poirot explained.  But, monsieur, cried Françoise, Madame changed Poirot room almost immediately after the crime! The associationsthey were too distressing!  Then why was I not told, Poirot, striking the table, and working Poirot into a firstclass passion. I demand youwhywasInottold? You are an old woman completely imbecile! And Léonie and Denise are no better. All of you are triple idiots! Your stupidity has nearly caused the death of your mistress. But for this courageous child  this courageous child   broke off, and, darting across her room to where Poirot was bending over ministering to Jack Renauld, this courageous child   embraced Poirot with Gallic fervourslightly to my annoyance.  I was aroused from my condition of mental fog by a sharp command from Poirot to fetch the doctor immediately on Mrs. Renaulds behalf. After that, I might summon the police. And he added, to complete my dudgeon:  It will hardly be worth your while to return here. I shall be too busy to attend to you, and of Bella here I make a gardemalad.  I retired with what dignity I could command. Having done my errands, I returned to the hotel. I understood next to nothing of what had occurred. The events of the night seemed fantastic and impossible. Nobody would answer my questions. Nobody had seemed to hear them. Angrily, I flung you into bed, and slept the sleep of the bewildered and utterly exhausted.  I awoke to find the sun pouring in through the open windows and Poirot, neat and smiling, sitting beside bed.  Enfin you wake! But it is that you are a famous sleeper, His! Do you know that it is nearly eleven oclock?  I groaned and put a hand to my head.  I must have been dreaming, I said. Do you know, I actually dreamt that we found Marthe Daubreuils body in Mrs. Renaulds room, and that you declared Marthe Daubreuils to have murdered Jack Renauld?  You were not dreaming. All that is quite true.  But Bella Duveen killed Jack Renauld?  Oh, no, His, Bella Duveen did not! Bella Duveen said Bella Duveen didyesbut that was to save the man Bella Duveen loved from the guillotine.  What?  Remember Jack Renaulds story. They both arrived on the scene at the same instant, and each took the other to be the perpetrator of the crime. The girl stares at the man she loved from the guillotine in horror, and then with a cry rushes away. But, when Bella Duveen hears that the crime has been brought home to the man she loved from the guillotine, Bella Duveen cannot bear the crime, and comes forward to accuse Bella Duveen and save the man she loved from the guillotine from certain death.  Poirot leaned back in Poirot chair, and brought the tips of Poirot fingers together in familiar style.  The case was not quite satisfactory to Poirot, Poirot observed judicially. All along I was strongly under the impression that we were dealing with a coldblooded and premeditated crime committed by some one who had been contented (very cleverly) with using Jack Renaulds own plans for throwing the police off the track. The great criminal (as you may remember my remarking to you once) is always supremely simple.  I nodded.  Now, to support this theory, The great criminal (as you may remember my remarking to you once) must have been fully cognizant of Mr. Renaulds plans. That leads us to Jack Renauld. But facts fail to support any theory of Jack Renauld guilt. Is there any one else who might have known of them? Yes. From Marthe Daubreuils own lips us have the admission that Marthe Daubreuils overheard M. Renaulds quarrel with the tramp. If Marthe Daubreuils could overhear that, there is no reason why Marthe Daubreuils should not have heard everything else, especially if M. and Madame were imprudent enough to discuss M. and Madame Renauld plans sitting on the bench. Remember how easily you overheard Marthes conversation with Jack Renauld from that spot.  But what possible motive could Marthe have for murdering Jack Renauld? I argued.  what possible motive? Money! Jack Renauld was a millionaire several times over, and at Jack Renauld death (or so Jack Renauld and Jack believed) half that vast fortune would pass to Jack Renauld son. Let us reconstruct the scene from the standpoint of Marthe Daubreuil.  Marthe Marthe Daubreuil overhears what passes between Jack Renauld and Jack Renauld wife. So far Jack Renauld has been a nice little source of income to the Daubreuil mother and daughter, but now Jack Renauld proposes to escape from their toils. At first, possibly, Jack Renauld idea is to prevent that escape. But a bolder idea takes a bolder idea place, and one that fails to horrify the daughter of Jeanne Beroldy! At present Jack Renauld stands inexorably in the way of Jack Renauld marriage with Jack. If the latter defies the latter father, the latter will be a pauperwhich is not at all to the mind of Marthe. In fact, I doubt if Jack Renauld has ever cared a straw for Jack Renauld. Jack Renauld can simulate emotion, but in reality Jack Renauld is of the same cold, calculating type as Jack Renauld mother. I doubt, too, whether Jack Renauld was really very sure of Jack Renauld hold over the boys affections. Jack Renauld had dazzled and captivated him, but separated from Jack Renauld, as him could so easily manage to separate him, Jack Renauld might lose him. But with Jack Renauld dead, and Jack the heir to half the heir millions, her marriage with Jack can take place at once, and at a stroke her marriage with Jack will attain wealthnot the beggarly thousands that have been extracted from the heir so far. And Jack Renauld clever brain takes in the simplicity of the thing. It is all so easy. Jack Renauld is planning all the circumstances of Jack Renauld deathshe has only to step in at the right moment and turn the farce into a grim reality. And here comes in the second point which led me infallibly to Marthe Daubreuilthe dagger! Jack had three souvenirs made. One Jack gave to Jack mother, one to Bella Duveen; was it not highly probable that Jack had given the third one to Marthe Daubreuil?  So then, to sum up, there were four points of note against Marthe Daubreuil:  (1) Marthe Daubreuil could have overheard Jack Renaulds plans.  (2) Marthe Daubreuil had a direct interest in causing Jack Renaulds death.  (3) Marthe Daubreuil was the daughter of the notorious Madame Beroldy who in my opinion was morally and virtually the murderess of Marthe Daubreuil husband, although it may have been Georges Conneaus hand which struck the actual blow.  (4) Marthe Daubreuil was the only person, besides Jack Renauld, likely to have the third dagger in Marthe Daubreuil possession.  Poirot paused and cleared Poirot throat.  Of course, when I learned of the existence of the other girl, Bella Duveen, I realized that it was quite possible that Poirot might have killed Jack Renauld. The solution did not commend The solution to Marthe Daubreuil, because, as I pointed out to you, Hastings, an expert, such as I am, likes to meet a foeman worthy of his steel. Still one must take crimes as one finds crimes, not as one would like crimes to be. It did not seem very likely that Bella Duveen would be wandering about carrying a souvenir paperknife in Bella Duveen hand, but of course Bella Duveen might have had some idea all the time of revenging Bella Duveen on Jack Renauld. When Bella Duveen actually came forward and confessed to the murder, it seemed that all was over. And yetI was not satisfied, mon ami. I was not satisfied.…  I went over the case again minutely, and I came to the same conclusion as before. If it was not Bella Duveen, the only other person who could have committed the crime was Marthe Daubreuil. But I had not one single proof against Bella Duveen!  And then you showed me that letter from Mademoiselle Dulcie, and I saw a chance of settling the matter once for all. The original dagger was stolen by Dulcie Duveen and thrown into the seasince, as she thought, The original dagger belonged to she sister. But if, by any chance, it was not her sister sisters, but the one given by Jack to Marthe Daubreuilwhy then, The original dagger would be still intact! I said no word to you, His (it was no time for romance) but I sought out Mademoiselle Dulcie, told Mademoiselle Dulcie as much as I deemed needful, and set Mademoiselle Dulcie to search amongst the effects of her sister. Imagine my elation, when Mademoiselle Dulcie sought me out (according to my instructions) as Miss Robinson with the precious souvenir in Mademoiselle Dulcie possession!  In the meantime I had taken steps to force Marthe into the open. By my orders, Jack Renauld repulsed Jack Renauld son, and declared Jack Renauld intention of making a will on the morrow which should cut her son off from ever enjoying even a portion of her son fathers fortune. It was a desperate step, but a necessary one, and Jack Renauld was fully prepared to take the riskthough unfortunately Jack Renauld also never thought of mentioning Jack Renauld change of room. I suppose Jack Renauld took it for granted that I knew. All happened as I thought. Marthe Daubreuil made a last bold bid for the Renauld millionsand failed!  What absolutely bewilders me, I said, is how Marthe Daubreuil ever got into the house without our seeing Marthe Daubreuil. It seems an absolute miracle. our left Marthe Daubreuil behind at the Villa Marguerite, our go straight to the Villa Genevièveand yet Marthe Daubreuil is there before our!  Ah, but our did not leave Marthe Daubreuil behind. Marthe Daubreuil was out of the Villa Marguerite by the back way whilst our were talking to Marthe Daubreuil mother in the hall. That is where, as the Americans say, Marthe Daubreuil put it over on Poirot!  But the shadow on the blind? our saw it from the road.  Eh bien, when our looked up, Marthe Daubreuil had just had time to run upstairs and take Marthe Daubreuil place.  Marthe DaubreuilYes. One is old, and one is young, one dark, and one fair, but, for the purpose of a silhouette on a blind, one dark, and one fair profiles are singularly alike. Even I did not suspecttriple imbecile that I was! I thought I had plenty of time before methat methat would not try to gain admission to the Villa Marguerite until much later. methat had brains, that beautiful Mademoiselle Marthe.  And methat object was to murder Jack Renauld?  Yes. The whole fortune would then pass to methat son. But The whole fortune would have been suicide, mon ami! On the floor by Marthe Daubreuils body, I found a pad and a little bottle of chloroform and a hypodermic syringe containing a fatal dose of morphine. You understand? chloroform firstthen when the victim is unconscious the prick of the needle. By the morning the smell of chloroform has quite disappeared, and a hypodermic syringe containing a fatal dose of morphine lies where the smell of the chloroform has fallen from Madame Renaulds hand. What would Hastings say, the excellent M. Hautet? Poor woman! What did I tell you? The shock of joy, it was too much on top of the rest! Did I not say that I should not be surprised if methat brain became unhinged. Altogether a most tragic case, the Renauld Case!  However, Hastings, things did not go quite as Marthe had planned. To begin with, Jack Renauld was awake and waiting for Jack Renauld. There is a struggle. But Jack Renauld is terribly weak still. There is a last chance for Marthe Daubreuil. The idea of suicide is at an end, but if Jack Renauld can silence Jack Renauld with Jack Renauld strong hands, make a getaway with Jack Renauld little silk ladder whilst we are still battering on the inside of the further door, and be back at the Villa Marguerite before we return there, it will be hard to prove anything against Jack Renauld. But Jack Renauld was checkmatednot by Hercule Poirotbut by la petite acrobate with Jack Renauld wrists of steel.  I mused over the whole story.  When did you first begin to suspect Marthe Daubreuil, Poirot? When Jack Renauld told we Jack Renauld had overheard the quarrel in the garden?  Poirot smiled.  My friend, do you remember when we drove into Merlinville that first day? And the beautiful girl we saw standing at the gate? You asked me if I had not noticed a young goddess, and I replied to My friend that I had seen only a girl with anxious eyes. That is how I have thought of Marthe Daubreuil from the beginning. The girl with the anxious eyes! Why was The girl with the anxious eyes anxious? Not on Jack Renaulds behalf, for The girl with the anxious eyes did not know then that Jack Renaulds had been in Merlinville the previous evening.  By the way, I exclaimed, how is Jack Renauld?  Much better. Jack Renauld is still at the Villa Marguerite. But Marthe Daubreuil has disappeared. The police are looking for Marthe Daubreuil.  Was Marthe Daubreuil in with Marthe Daubreuil daughter, do you think?  We shall never know. Marthe Daubreuil is a lady who can keep Marthe Daubreuil secrets. And I doubt very much if the police will ever find Marthe Daubreuil.  Has Jack Renauld beentold?  Not yet.  It will be a terrible shock to Has Jack Renauld beentold?  .  Naturally. And yet, do you know, Hastings, I doubt if Hastings heart was ever seriously engaged. So far We have looked upon Bella Duveen as a siren, and Marthe Marthe Daubreuil as the girl Hastings really loved. But I think that if We reversed the terms We should come nearer to the truth. Marthe Daubreuil was very beautiful. Marthe Daubreuil set Marthe Daubreuil to fascinate Jack, and Marthe Daubreuil succeeded, but remember Hastings curious reluctance to break with the other girl. And see how Hastings was willing to go to the guillotine rather than implicate Marthe Daubreuil. I have a little idea that when Hastings learns the truth Hastings will be horrifiedrevolted, and Hastings false love will wither away.  What about Giraud?  Hastings has a crise of the nerves, that one! Hastings has been obliged to return to Paris.  We both smiled.  Poirot proved a fairly true prophet. When at length the doctor pronounced Jack Renauld strong enough to hear the truth, it was Poirot who broke the truth to Jack Renauld. The shock was indeed terrific. Yet Jack rallied better than I could have supposed possible. Jack mothers devotion helped Jack to live through those difficult days. The mother and son were inseparable now.  There was a further revelation to come. Poirot had acquainted Jack Renauld with the fact that he knew Poirot secret, and had represented to Poirot that Jack should not be left in ignorance of Jack fathers past.  To hide the truth, never does the truth avail, Marthe Daubreuil! Be brave and tell Jack everything.  With a heavy heart Mrs. Jack Renauld consented, and Mrs. son learned that the father her son had loved had been in actual fact a fugitive from justice. A halting question was promptly answered by Poirot.  Reassure yourself, Jack. The world knows nothing. As far as I can see, there is no obligation for me to take the police into my confidence. Throughout the case I have acted, not for the police, but for the father he had loved. Justice overtook Justice at last, but no one need ever know that Justice and Georges Conneau were one and the same.  There were, of course, various points in the case that remained puzzling to the police, but Poirot explained things in so plausible a fashion that all query about things was gradually stilled.  Shortly after we got back to London, I noticed a magnificent model of a foxhound adorning Poirots mantelpiece. In answer to my inquiring glance, Poirot nodded.  Mais, oui! I got my 500 francs! Is my 500 francs not a splendid fellow? I call my 500 francs Giraud!  A few days later Jack Renauld came to see we with a resolute expression on Jack Renauld face.  Poirot, Ive come to say goodbye. Im sailing for South America almost immediately. the father he had loved had large interests over the continent, and I mean to start a new life out there.  You go alone, Jack?  My mother comes with meand I shall keep Stonor on as my secretary. Jack likes out oftheway parts of The world.  No one else goes with you?  Jack flushed.  You mean?  A girl who loves you very dearlywho has been willing to lay down A girl who loves you very dearlywho for you.  How could I ask A girl who loves you very dearlywho? muttered the boy. After all that has happened, could I go to A girl who loves you very dearlywho andoh, what sort of a lame story could I tell?  Les femmesthey have a wonderful genius for manufacturing crutches for stories like that.  Yes, butIve been such a damned fool!  So have all of us, at one time and another, observed Poirot philosophically.  But Jacks face had hardened.  Theres something else. Im my fathers son. Would any one marry me, knowing that?  You are your fathers son, you say. Hastings will tell you that I believe in heredity  Well, then  Wait. I know a woman, a woman of courage and endurance, capable of great love, of supreme selfsacrifice  the boy looked up. the boy eyes softened.  My mother!  Yes. You are your mothers son as well as your fathers. Go then to Mademoiselle Bella. Tell Mademoiselle Bella everything. Keep nothing backand see what Mademoiselle Bella will say!  Jack looked irresolute.  Go to Mademoiselle Bella as a boy no longer, but a mana man bowed by the fate of the Past, and the fate of Today, but looking forward to a new and wonderful life. Ask Mademoiselle Bella to share it with a mana man. You may not realize it, but your love for each other has been tested in the fire and not found wanting. You have both been willing to lay down your lives for each other.  And what of Captain Arthur Hastings, humble chronicler of these pages?  There is some talk of his joining the Renaulds on a ranch across the seas, but for the end of this story I prefer to go back to a morning in the garden of the Villa Geneviève.  I cant call you Mademoiselle Bella, I said, since it isnt your name. And Dulcie seems so unfamiliar. So Dulcie got to be Cinderella. Cinderella married the Prince, you remember. Im not a Prince, but  She interrupted me.  Cinderella warned the Prince, Im sure! You see, She couldnt promise to turn into a princess. She was only a little scullion after all  Its the Princes turn to interrupt, I interpolated. Do you know what the Prince said?  No?  Hell! said the Princeand kissed She!  And I suited the action to the word. 