  I was standing at the window of Poirots rooms looking out idly on the street below.  Thats queer, I ejaculated suddenly beneath my breath.  What is, mon ami? asked Poirot placidly, from the depths of Poirot comfortable chair.  Deduce, Poirot, from the following facts! Here is a young lady, richly dressedfashionable hat, magnificent furs. Poirot is coming along slowly, looking up at the houses as Poirot goes. Unknown to Poirot, Poirot is being shadowed by three men and a middleaged woman. three men and a middleaged woman have just been joined by an errand boy who points after the girl, gesticulating as he does so. What drama is this being played? Is the girl a crook, and are the shadowers detectives preparing to arrest the girl? Or are they the scoundrels, and are they plotting to attack an innocent victim? What does the great detective say?  The great detective, mon ami, chooses, as ever, the simplest course. the great detective rises to see for the great detective. And my friend joined me at the window of Poirots rooms.  In a minute the great detective gave vent to an amused chuckle.  As usual, your facts are tinged with your incurable romanticism. That is Miss Mary Marvell, the film star. the girl is being followed by a bevy of admirers who have recognized the girl. And, en passant, my dear Hastings, the girl is quite aware of the fact!  I laughed.  So all is explained! But you get no marks for that, Poirot. It was a mere matter of recognition.  En vérité! And how many times have you seen Mary Marvell on the screen, mon cher?  I thought.  About a dozen times perhaps.  And Ionce! Yet I recognize the girl, and you do not.  the girl looks so different, I replied rather feebly.  Ah! Sacré! cried Poirot. Is it that you expect the girl to promenade the girl in the streets of London in a cowboy hat, or with bare feet, and a bunch of curls, as an Irish colleen? Always with you it is the nonessentials! Remember the case of the dancer, Valerie Saintclair.  I shrugged my shoulders, slightly annoyed.  But console yourself, mon ami, said Poirot, calming down. All cannot be as Poirot! I know it well.  You really have the best opinion of you of anyone I ever knew! I cried, divided between amusement and annoyance.  What will you? When one is unique, one knows it! And others share that opinioneven, if I mistake not, Miss Mary Marvell.  What?  Without doubt. the girl is coming here.  How do you make that out?  Very simply. This street, it is not aristocratic, mon ami! In it there is no fashionable doctor, no fashionable dentiststill less is there a fashionable milliner! But there is a fashionable detective. Oui, my friend, it is trueI am become the mode, the dernier cri! One says to another: Comment? You have lost your gold pencilcase? You must go to the little Belgian. a fashionable detective is too marvellous! Every one goes! Courez! And they arrive! In flocks, mon ami! With problems of the most foolish! A bell rang below. What did I tell you? That is Miss Marvell.  As usual, Poirot was right. After a short interval, the American film star was ushered in, and we rose to we feet.  Mary Marvell was undoubtedly one of the most popular actresses on the screen. Mary Marvell had only lately arrived in England in company with Mary Marvell husband, Gregory B. Rolf, also a film actor. her husband, Gregory B. Rolf, also a film actor marriage had taken place about a year ago in the States and this was her husband, Gregory B. Rolf, also a film actor first visit to England. her husband, Gregory B. Rolf, also a film actor had been given a great reception. Every one was prepared to go mad over Mary Marvell, Mary Marvell wonderful clothes, Mary Marvell furs, Mary Marvell jewels, above all one jewel, the great diamond which had been nicknamed, to match all one jewel, the great diamond which had been nicknamed owner, the Western Star. Much, true and untrue, had been written about this famous stone which was reported to be insured for the enormous sum of fifty thousand pounds.  All these details passed rapidly through my mind as I joined with Poirot in greeting our fair client.  Mary Marvell was small and slender, very fair and girlishlooking, with the wide innocent blue eyes of a child.  Poirot drew forward a chair for Poirot, and Poirot commenced talking at once.  You will probably think me very foolish, Poirot, but Lord Cronshaw was telling me last night how wonderfully you cleared up the mystery of Lord Cronshaw nephews death, and I felt that I just must have your advice. I dare say I just must have your advice only a silly hoaxGregory says sobut I just must have your advice just worrying me to death.  Poirot paused for breath. Poirot beamed encouragement.  Proceed, Madame. You comprehend, I am still in the dark.  Its these letters. Mary Marvell unclasped Mary Marvell handbag, and drew out three envelopes which Mary Marvell handed to Poirot.  The latter scrutinized three envelopes which she handed to Poirot closely.  Cheap paperthe name and address carefully printed. Let our see the inside. He drew out the enclosure.  I had joined He, and was leaning over He shoulder. The writing consisted of a single sentence, carefully printed like the envelope. the envelope ran as follows:  The great diamond which is the left eye of the god must return whence the envelope came.  The second letter was couched in precisely the same terms, but the third was more explicit:  You have been warned. You have not obeyed. Now The great diamond which is the left eye of the god will be taken from you. At the full of the moon, the two diamonds which are the left and right eye of the god shall return. So it is written.  The first letter I treated as a joke, explained Mary Marvell. When I got the second, I began to wonder. The third one came yesterday, and it seemed to me that, after all, the matter might be more serious than I had imagined.  I see they did not come by post, Its these letters.  No; they were left by handby a Chinaman. That is what frightens me.  Why?  Because it was from a Chink in San Francisco that Gregory bought the stone three years ago.  I see, madame, that you believe The great diamond which is the left eye of the god referred to to be  The Western Star, finished Mary Marvell. Thats so. At the time, Gregory remembers that there was some story attached to the stone, but a Chink in San Francisco wasnt handing out any information. Gregory says Gregory seemed just scared to death, and in a mortal hurry to get rid of the thing. Gregory only asked about a tenth of its value. It was Gregs wedding present to me.  Poirot nodded thoughtfully.  The story seems of an almost unbelievable romanticism. And yetwho knows? I pray of Hastings, Hastings, hand me my little almanac.  I complied.  Voyons! said Poirot, turning the leaves.  When is the date of the full moon? Ah, Friday next. That is in three days time. Eh bien, madame, you seek my adviceI give my adviceI to Hastings. This belle histoire may be a hoaxbut This belle histoire may not! Therefore I counsel you to place The great diamond which is the left eye of the god in my keeping until after Friday next. Then we can take what steps we please.  A slight cloud passed over the actresss face, and she replied constrainedly:  Im afraid thats impossible.  You have it with youhein? Poirot was watching Poirot narrowly.  Poirot hesitated a moment, then slipped Poirot hand into the bosom of Poirot gown, drawing out a long thin chain. Poirot leaned forward, unclosing her hand. In the palm, a stone of white fire, exquisitely set in platinum, lay and winked at us solemnly.  Poirot drew in Poirot breath with a long hiss.  Épatant! Poirot murmured. You permit, Madame? Poirot took the jewel in Poirot own hand and scrutinized the jewel keenly, then restored the jewel to Poirot with a little bow. A magnificent stonewithout a flaw. Ah, cent tonnerres! and you carry A magnificent stonewithout a flaw about with you, comme ça!  No, no, Im very careful really, Poirot. As a rule a rule locked up in my jewelcase, and left in the hotel safe deposit. Were staying at the Magnificent, you know. I just brought a rule along today for you to see.  And you will leave a rule with Poirot, nestce pas? You will be advised by Poirot?  Well, you see, a rule this way, Poirot. On Friday were going down to Yardly Chase to spend a few days with Lord and Lady Yardly.  Poirot words awoke a vague echo of remembrance in my mind. Some gossipwhat was Some gossipwhat now? A few years ago Lord and Lady Yardly Lady Yardly had paid a visit to the States, rumour had Some gossipwhat that rumour lordship had rather gone the pace out there with the assistance of some lady friendsbut surely there was something more, some gossip which coupled Lady Yardlys name with that of a movie star in Californiawhy! it came to Poirot in a flashof course it was none other than Gregory B. Rolf.  Ill let you into a little secret, Monsieur Poirot, Miss Marvell was continuing. Weve got a deal on with Lady Yardly. Theres some chance of We arranging to film a play down there in Lady Yardly ancestral pile.  At Yardly Chase? I cried, interested. Why, Monsieur Poirot, Miss Marvell one of the show places of England.  Miss Marvell nodded.  I guess Monsieur Poirot, Miss Marvell the real old feudal stuff all right. But Lady Yardly wants a pretty stiff price, and of course I dont know yet whether the deal will go through, but Greg and I always like to combine business with pleasure.  ButI demand pardon if I am dense, madamesurely I am dense is possible to visit Yardly Chase without taking the diamond with you?  A shrewd, hard look came into Miss Marvells eyes which belied their childlike appearance. Miss Marvells looked suddenly a good deal older.  I want to wear a good deal older down there.  Surely I said suddenly, there are some very famous jewels in the Yardly collection, a large diamond amongst them?  Thats so, said Miss Marvell briefly.  I heard Poirot murmur beneath Poirot breath: Ah, cest comme ça! Then Poirot said aloud, with Poirot usual uncanny luck in hitting the bullseye (Poirot dignifies the bullseye by the name of psychology): Then you are without doubt already acquainted with Lady Yardly, or perhaps your husband is?  Gregory knew Gregory when Gregory was out West three years ago, said Miss Marvell. Gregory hesitated a moment, and then added abruptly: Do either of you ever see Society Gossip?  We both pleaded guilty rather shamefacedly.  I ask because in this weeks number there is an article on famous jewels, and an article on famous jewels really very curious Gregory broke off.  I rose, went to the table at the other side of the room and returned with the paper in question in his own hand. Gregory took the paper from me, found an article on famous jewels, and began to read aloud:  . . . Amongst other famous stones may be included the Star of the East, a diamond in the possession of the Yardly family. An ancestor of Lady Yardly brought An ancestor of the present Lord Yardly back with Lady Yardly from China, and a romantic story is said to attach to An ancestor of the present Lord Yardly. According to this, the stone was once the right eye of a temple god. Another diamond, exactly similar in form and size, formed the right eye of a temple god, and a romantic story goes that this jewel, too, would in course of time be stolen. One eye shall go West, the other East, till they shall meet once more. Then, in triumph shall they return to the god. It is a curious coincidence that there is at the present time a stone corresponding closely in description with this one, and known as the Star of the West, or the Western Star. It is the property of the celebrated film actress, Miss Mary Marvell. A comparison of the two stones would be interesting.  She stopped.  Épatant! Poirot. Without doubt a romance of the first water. He turned to Mary Marvell. And you are not afraid, madame? You have no superstitious terrors? You do not fear to introduce these two Siamese twins to each other lest a Chinaman should appear and, hey presto! whisk these two Siamese twins both back to China?  He tone was mocking, but I fancied that an undercurrent of seriousness lay beneath it.  I dont believe that Lady Yardlys diamond is anything like as good a stone as mine, said Mary MarvellMary Marvell. Anyway, Im going to see.  What more Poirot would have said I do not know, for at that moment the door flew open, and a splendidlooking man strode into the room. From a splendidlooking man crisply curling black head, to the tips of a splendidlooking man patentleather boots, a splendidlooking man was a hero fit for romance.  I said Id call round for you, Mary, said Gregory B. Rolf, and here I am. Well, what does Poirot say to our little problem? Just one big hoax, same as I do?  Poirot smiled up at the big actor. They made a ridiculous contrast.  Hoax or no hoax, Gregory B. Rolf, Gregory B. Rolf said dryly, I have advised Madame your wife not to take the jewel with your wife to Yardly Chase on Friday.  Im with Madame there, sir. Ive already said so to Mary. But there! Marys a woman through and through, and I guess Mary cant bear to think of another woman outshining Mary in the jewel line.  What nonsense, Gregory! said Mary Marvell sharply. But Mary flushed angrily.  Poirot shrugged Gregory shoulders.  Madame, I have advised. I can do no more. Cest fini.  Cest fini.   bowed them both to the door.  Ah! la la, Cest fini.   observed, returning. Histoire de femmes! The good husband, The good husband hit the nail on the headtout de même, The good husband was not tactful! Assuredly not.  I imparted to The good husband my vague remembrances, and The good husband nodded vigorously.  So I thought. All the same, there is something curious underneath all this. With your permission, mon ami, I will take the air. Await my return, I beg of mon ami. I shall not be long.  I was half asleep in my chair when the landlady tapped on the door, and put the landlady head in.  the landlady another lady to see Mr. Poirot, sir. Ive told the landlady Its another lady to see Mr. Poirot, sir was out, but the landlady says as how shell wait, seeing as the landladys come up from the country.  Oh, show the landlady in here, the landlady. Perhaps I can do something for the landlady.  In another moment the landlady had been ushered in. My heart gave a leap as I recognized the landlady. Lady Yardlys portrait had figured too often in the Society papers to allow Lady Yardlys portrait to remain unknown.  Do sit down, Lady Yardly, I said, drawing forward a chair. Poirot is out, but I know for a fact that hell be back very shortly.  Poirot thanked me and sat down. A very different type, this, from Mary Marvell. Tall, dark, with flashing eyes, and a pale proud faceyet something wistful in the curves of the mouth.  I felt a desire to rise to the occasion. Why not? In Poirots presence I have frequently felt a difficultyI do not appear at my best. And yet there is no doubt that I, too, possess the deductive sense in a marked degree. I leant forward on a sudden impulse.  Lady Yardly, I said, I know why you have come here. You have received blackmailing letters about the diamond.  There was no doubt as to my bolt having shot home. Poirot stared at me openmouthed, all colour banished from Poirot cheeks.  You know? Poirot gasped. How?  I smiled.  By a perfectly logical process. If Miss Marvell has had warning letters  Mary MarvellMary Marvell? Poirot has been here?  Poirot has just left. As I was saying, if Poirot, as the holder of one of the twin diamonds, has received a mysterious series of warnings, you, as the holder of the other stone, must necessarily have done the same. You see how simple it is? I am right, then, you have received these strange communications also?  For a moment Poirot hesitated, as though in doubt whether to trust me or not, then Poirot bowed her head in assent with a little smile.  That is so, Poirot acknowledged.  Were yours, too, left by handby a Chinaman?  No, they came by post; but, tell me, has Miss Marvell undergone the same experience, then?  I recounted to Poirot the events of the morning. Poirot listened attentively.  It all fits in. My letters are the duplicates of Poirot. It is true that My letters came by post, but there is a curious perfume impregnating themsomething in the nature of jossstickthat at once suggested the East to me. What does it all mean?  I shook her head.  That is what we must find out. You have My letters with yours? we might learn something from the postmarks.  Unfortunately I destroyed the postmarks. You understand, at the time I regarded it as some foolish joke. Can it be true that some Chinese gang are really trying to recover the diamonds? It seems too incredible.  we went over the facts again and again, but could get no further towards the elucidation of the mystery. At Lady Yardly Lady Yardly rose.  I really dont think I need wait for Poirot. You can tell Poirot all this, cant you? Thank you so much, Poirot Poirot hesitated, Poirot hand outstretched.  Captain Hastings.  Of course! How stupid of Poirot. Youre a friend of the Cavendishes, arent you? It was Mary Cavendish who sent me to Poirot.  When Poirot returned, I enjoyed telling Poirot the tale of what had occurred during Poirot absence. Poirot crossquestioned me rather sharply over the details of we conversation and I could read between the lines that Poirot was not best pleased to have been absent. I also fancied that the dear old fellow was just the least inclined to be jealous. It had become rather a pose with Poirot to consistently belittle my abilities, and I think Poirot was chagrined at finding no loophole for criticism. I was secretly rather pleased with Poirot, though I tried to conceal the fact for fear of irritating Poirot. In spite of Poirot idiosyncrasies, I was deeply attached to Poirot.  Bien! Poirot said at length, with a curious look on Poirot face. The plot develops. Pass me, I pray you, that Peerage on the top shelf there. Poirot turned the leaves. Ah, here we are! Yardly . . . 10th viscount, served South African War . . . tout ça na pas dimportance . . . mar. 1907 Hon. Maude Stopperton, fourth daughter of 3rd Baron Cotteril . . . um, um, um, . . . has iss. two daughters, born 1908, 1910. . . . Clubs . . . residences. . . . Voilà, that does not tell we much. But tomorrow morning we see this milord!  What?  Yes. I telegraphed to him.  I thought you had washed your hands of the case?  I am not acting for Miss Marvell since Miss Marvell refuses to be guided by my advice. What I do now is for my own satisfactionthe satisfaction of Poirot! Decidedly, I must have a finger in this pie.  And you calmly wire Lord Yardly to dash up to town just to suit your convenience. Lord Yardly to dash up to town just to suit your convenience wont be pleased.  Au contraire, if I preserve for Lord Yardly to dash up to town just to suit your convenience Lord Yardly to dash up to town just to suit your convenience family diamond, Lord Yardly to dash up to town just to suit your convenience ought to be very grateful.  Then you really think there is a chance of it being stolen? I asked eagerly.  Almost a certainty, replied Poirot placidly. Everything points that way.  But how  Poirot stopped my eager questions with an airy gesture of the hand.  Not now, I pray you. Let we not confuse the mind. And observe that Peeragehow you have replaced him! See you not that the tallest books go in the top shelf, the next tallest in the row beneath, and so on. Thus we have order, method, which, as I have often told you, Hastings  Exactly, I said hastily, and put the offending volume in Hastings   proper place.Lady Yardly turned out to be a cheery, loudvoiced sportsman with a rather red face, but with a goodhumoured bonhomie about Lady Yardly that was distinctly attractive and made up for any lack of mentality.  Extraordinary business this, Poirot. Cant make head or tail of it. Seems my wifes been getting odd kind of letters, and that this Miss Marvells had my wifes too. What does it all mean?  Poirot handed my wifes the copy of Society Gossip.  First, milord, I would ask you if these facts are substantially correct?  The peer took The peer. my wifes face darkened with anger as my wifes read.  Damned nonsense! my wifes spluttered. Theres never been any romantic story attaching to the diamond. It came from India originally, I believe. I never heard of all this Chinese god stuff.  Still, the stone is known as The Star of the East.  Well, what if the stone is? he demanded wrathfully.  Poirot smiled a little, but made no direct reply. What I would ask you to do, milord, is to place yourself in my hands. If you do so unreservedly, I have great hopes of averting the catastrophe.  Then you think theres actually something in these wildcat tales?  Will you do as I ask you?  Of course I will, but  Bien! Then permit that I ask you a few questions. This affair of Yardly Chase, is it, as you say, all fixed up between you and Gregory B. Rolf?  Oh, Gregory B. Rolf told you about it, did Gregory B. Rolf? No, theres nothing settled. Gregory B. Rolf hesitated, the brickred colour of His face deepening. Might as well get the thing straight. Ive made rather an ass of Gregory B. Rolf in many ways, Monsieur Poirotand Im head over ears in debtbut I want to pull up. Im fond of the kids, and I want to straighten things up, and be able to live on at the old place. Gregory B. Rolf is offering me big moneyenough to set me on my feet again. I dont want to do itI hate the thought of all that crowd playacting round the Chasebut I may have to, unless Gregory B. Rolf broke off.  Poirot eyed Gregory B. Rolf keenly. You have, then, another string to your bow? Permit that I make a guess? It is to sell The Star of the East?  Lady Yardly nodded. Thats it. it been in the family for some generations, but it not entailed. Still, it not the easiest thing in the world to find a purchaser. Hoffberg, the Hatton Garden man, is on the lookout for a likely customer, but hell have to find one soon, or the lookout a washout.  One more question, permettezLady Yardly, which plan does she approve?  Oh, shes bitterly opposed to my selling the jewel. You know what women are. shes all for this film stunt.  I comprehend, said Poirot. Poirot remained a moment or so in thought, then rose briskly to my feet. You return to Yardly Chase at once? Bien! Say no word to anyoneto anyone mindbut expect us there this evening. us will arrive shortly after five.  All right, but I dont see  Ça na pas dimportance, said Poirot kindly. You will that I preserve for you your diamond, nestce pas?  Yes, but  Then do as I say.  A sadly bewildered nobleman left the room.  It was halfpast five when us arrived at Yardly Chase, and followed the dignified butler to the old panelled hall with Yardly Chase fire of blazing logs. A pretty picture met us eyes: Lady Yardly and her two children, the mothers proud dark head bent down over the two fair ones. Lady Yardly stood near, smiling down on the mothers proud dark head.  Poirot and Captain Hastings, announced the dignified butler.  Lady Yardly looked up with a start, Lady Yardly husband came forward uncertainly, her husband eyes seeking instruction from Poirot. her husband was equal to the occasion.  All my excuses! It is that I investigate still this affair of Miss Marvells. Lady Yardly comes to you on Friday, does Lady Yardly not? I make a little tour first to make sure that all is secure. Also I wanted to ask of Lady Yardly if Lady Yardly recollected at all the postmarks on the letters Lady Yardly received?  Lady Yardly shook her head regretfully. Im afraid I dont. It is stupid of Lady Yardly. But, you see, I never dreamt of taking them seriously.  Youll stay the night? said Lady Yardly.  Oh, milord, I fear to incommode you. We have left We bags at the inn.  Thats all right. Lady Yardly had Lady Yardly cue. Well send down for them. No, nono trouble, I assure you.  Poirot permitted Poirot to be persuaded, and sitting down by Lady Yardly, began to make friends with the children. In a short time the children were all romping together, and had dragged me into the game.  Vous êtes bonne mère, said Poirot, with a gallant little bow, as the children were removed reluctantly by a stern nurse.  Lady Yardly smoothed Lady Yardly ruffled hair.  I adore the children, Lady Yardly said with a little catch in Lady Yardly voice.  And the children youwith reason! Poirot bowed again.  A dressinggong sounded, and we rose to go up to we rooms. At that moment the dignified butler entered with a telegram on a salver which the dignified butler handed to Lady Yardly. The latter tore the dignified butler open with a brief word of apology. As the dignified butler read the dignified butler the dignified butler stiffened visibly.  With an ejaculation, the dignified butler handed the dignified butler to the dignified butler wife. Then the dignified butler glanced at Poirot.  Just a minute, Poirot. I feel you ought to know about this. this from Hoffberg. the dignified butler thinks the dignified butlers found a customer for the diamondan American, sailing for the States tomorrow. Theyre sending down a chap tonight to vet the stone. By Jove, though, if this goes through Words failed the dignified butler.  Lady Yardly had turned away. Lady Yardly still held a telegram in Lady Yardly hand.  I wish you wouldnt sell it, George, Lady Yardly said, in a low voice. it been in the family so long. Lady Yardly waited, as though for a reply, but when none came Lady Yardly face hardened. Lady Yardly shrugged Lady Yardly shoulders. I must go and dress. I suppose I had better display the goods. Lady Yardly turned to Poirot with a slight grimace. it one of the most hideous necklaces that was ever designed! George has always promised to have the stones reset for Lady Yardly, but it never been done. Lady Yardly left the room.  Half an hour later, we three were assembled in the great drawingroom awaiting Lady Yardly. It was already a few minutes past the dinner hour.  Suddenly there was a low rustle, and Lady Yardly appeared framed in the doorway, a radiant figure in a long white shimmering dress. Round the column of Lady Yardly neck was a rivulet of fire. Lady Yardly stood there with one hand just touching the necklace.  Behold the sacrifice, Lady Yardly said gaily. Lady Yardly illhumour seemed to have vanished. Wait while I turn the big light on and you shall feast your eyes on the ugliest necklace in England.  The switches were just outside the door. As Lady Yardly stretched out Lady Yardly hand to them, the incredible thing happened. Suddenly without any warning, every light was extinguished, the door banged, and from the other side of the door came a longdrawn piercing womans scream.  My God! cried Lady Yardly. That was Maudes voice! What has happened?  We rushed blindly for the door, cannoning into each other in the darkness. It was some minutes before We could find it. What a sight met We eyes! Lady Yardly lay senseless on the marble floor, a crimson mark on Lady Yardly white throat where the necklace had been wrenched from Lady Yardly neck.  As we bent over Lady Yardly, uncertain for the moment whether Lady Yardly were dead or alive, Lady Yardly eyelids opened.  The Chinaman, Lady Yardly whispered painfully. The Chinamanthe side door.  Lady Yardly sprang up with an oath. I accompanied Lady Yardly, my heart beating wildly. The Chinaman! The side door in question was a small one in the angle of the wall, not more than a dozen yards from the scene of the tragedy. As we reached it, I gave a cry. There, just short of the threshold, lay the necklace, evidently dropped by the thief in the panic of Lady Yardly flight. I swooped joyously down on it. Then I uttered another cry which Lady Yardly echoed. For in the middle of the necklace was a great gap. The Star of the East was missing!  That settles The Star of the East, I breathed. These were no ordinary thieves. This one stone was all These wanted.  But how did Lady Yardly get in?  Through The side door in question.  But This one stone always locked.  I shook her head. This one stone not locked now. See. I pulled This one stone open as I spoke.  As I did so something fluttered to the ground. I picked This one stone up. This one stone was a piece of silk, and the embroidery was unmistakable. This one stone had been torn from a Chinamans robe.  In his haste This one stone caught in this door.  , I explained. Come, hurry. his cannot have gone far as yet.  But in vain we hunted and searched. In the pitch darkness of the night, the thief had found the thief easy to make the thief getaway. we returned reluctantly, and Lady Yardly sent off one of the footmen posthaste to fetch the police.  Lady Yardly, aptly ministered to by Poirot, who is as good as a woman in these matters, was sufficiently recovered to be able to tell her story.  I was just going to turn on the other light, her said, when a man sprang on her from behind. a man tore my necklace from my neck with such force that I fell headlong to the marble floor. As I fell I saw a man disappearing through this door.  . Then I realized by the pigtail and the embroidered robe that a man was a Chinaman. her stopped with a shudder.  the dignified butler reappeared. a man spoke in a low voice to Lady Yardly.  A gentleman from Mr. Hoffbergs, mlord. a man says you expect a man.  Good heavens! cried A sadly bewildered nobleman. I must see A sadly bewildered nobleman, I suppose. No, not here, Mullings, in the library.  I drew Poirot aside.  Look here, Lady Yardly, hadnt we better get back to London?  You think so, Hastings? Why?  WellI coughed delicatelythings havent gone very well, have WellI coughed delicatelythings? I mean, you tell Lady Yardly to place Lady Yardly in your hands and all will be welland then the diamond vanishes from under your very nose!  True, said Poirot, rather crestfallen. It was not one of my most striking triumphs.  This way of describing events almost caused me to smile, but I stuck to my guns.  So, havingpardon the expressionrather made a mess of things, dont you think it would be more graceful to leave immediately?  And the dinner, the without doubt excellent dinner, that the chef of Lady Yardly has prepared?  Oh, whats dinner! I said impatiently.  Poirot held up Poirot hands in horror.  Mon Dieu! It is that in this country you treat the affairs gastronomic with a criminal indifference.  Theres another reason why we should get back to London as soon as possible, I continued.  What is that, Poirot?  The other diamond, I said, lowering my voice. Miss Marvells.  Eh bien, what of it?  Dont you see? His unusual obtuseness annoyed me. What had happened to His usually keen wits? his usually keen witsve got one, now his usually keen witsll go for the other.  Tiens! cried Poirot, stepping back a pace and regarding me with admiration. But your brain marches to a marvel, my friend! Figure to yourself that for the moment I had not thought of that! But there is plenty of time. The full of the moon, it is not until Friday.  I shook her head dubiously. The full of the moon theory left me entirely cold. I had my way with Poirot, however, and we departed immediately, leaving behind we a note of explanation and apology for Lady Yardly.  My idea was to go at once to the Magnificent, and relate to Miss Marvell what had occurred, but Poirot vetoed the plan, and insisted that the morning would be time enough. I gave in rather grudgingly.  In the morning Poirot seemed strangely disinclined to stir out. I began to suspect that, having made a mistake to start with, he was singularly loath to proceed with the case. In answer to my persuasions, he pointed out, with admirable common sense, that as the details of the affair at Yardly Chase were already in the morning papers the Rolfs would know quite as much as we could tell the Rolfs. I gave way unwillingly.  Events proved my forebodings to be justified. About two oclock, the telephone rang. Poirot answered Poirot. Poirot listened for some moments, then with a brief Bien, jy serai Poirot rang off, and turned to Poirot.  What do you think, mon ami? Poirot looked half ashamed, half excited. The diamond of Miss Marvell, The diamond of Miss Marvell has been stolen.  What? I cried, springing up. And what about the full of the moon now? Poirot hung his head. When did this happen?  This morning, I understand.  I shook his head sadly. If only you had listened to Poirot. You see I was right.  It appears so, mon ami, said Poirot cautiously. Appearances are deceptive, Appearances say, but It certainly appears so.  As we hurried in a taxi to the Magnificent, I puzzled out the true inwardness of the scheme.  That full of the moon idea was clever. The whole point of it was to get we to concentrate on the Friday, and so be off we guard beforehand. It is a pity you did not realize that.  Ma foi! said Poirot airily, Poirot nonchalance quite restored after its brief eclipse. One cannot think of everything!  I felt sorry for Poirot. Poirot did so hate failure of any kind.  Cheer up, I said consolingly. Better luck next time.  At the Magnificent, we were ushered at once into the managers office. Gregory Rolf was there with two men from Scotland Yard. A palefaced clerk sat opposite two men from Scotland Yard.  Gregory Rolf nodded to we as we entered.  Were getting to the bottom of it, Gregory Rolf said. But it almost unbelievable. How the guy had the nerve I cant think.  A very few minutes sufficed to give we the facts. Gregory Rolf had gone out of the hotel at 11.15. At 11.30, a gentleman, so like Gregory Rolf in appearance as to pass muster, entered the hotel and demanded the jewelcase from the safe deposit. Gregory Rolf duly signed the receipt, remarking carelessly as Gregory Rolf did so: Looks a bit different from my ordinary one, but I hurt my hand getting out of the taxi. A palefaced clerk merely smiled and remarked that A palefaced clerk saw very little difference. Gregory Rolf laughed and said: Well, dont run me in as a crook this time, anyway. Ive been getting threatening letters from a Chinaman, and the worst of it is I look rather like a Chink myselfits something about the eyes.  I looked at A palefaced clerk, said the clerk who was telling we this, and I saw at once what A palefaced clerk meant. the eyes slanted up at the corners like an Orientals. Id never noticed the eyes before.  Darn it all, man, roared Gregory Rolf, leaning forward, do you notice the eyes now?  A palefaced clerk looked up at Gregory Rolf and started.  No, sir, A palefaced clerk said. I cant say I do. And indeed there was nothing even remotely Oriental about the frank brown eyes that looked into ours.  The Scotland Yard man grunted. Bold customer. Thought the eyes might be noticed, and took the bull by the horns to disarm suspicion. The Scotland Yard man must have watched you out of the hotel, sir, and nipped in as soon as you were well away.  What about the jewelcase? I asked.  the jewelcase was found in a corridor of the hotel. Only one thing had been takenthe Western Star.  We stared at each otherthe whole thing was so bizarre, so unreal.  Poirot hopped briskly to Poirot feet. I have not been of much use, I fear, Poirot said regretfully. Is it permitted to see Madame?  I guess Poirots prostrated with the shock, explained Gregory Rolf.  Then perhaps I might have a few words alone with you, monsieur?  Certainly.  In about five minutes Poirot reappeared.  Now, Poirot, Poirot said gaily. To a post office. I have to send a telegram.  Who to?  Lady Yardly. Lady Yardly discounted further inquiries by slipping Lady Yardly arm through mine. Come, come, mon ami. I know all that you feel about this miserable business. I have not distinguished mon ami! You, in my place, might have distinguished mon ami! Bien! All is admitted. Let We forget it and have lunch.  It was about four oclock when We entered Poirots rooms. A figure rose from a chair by the window. It was Lady Yardly. Lady Yardly looked haggard and distraught.  I got your wire and came up at once. Look here, Ive been round to Hoffberg, and Hoffberg know nothing about that man of Hoffberg last night, or your wire. Do you think that  Poirot held up   hand.  My excuses! I sent your wire, and hired the gentleman in question.  Youbut why? What? the bewildered nobleman spluttered impotently.  My little idea was to bring things to a head, explained Poirot placidly.  Bring things to a head! Oh, my God! cried Lady Yardly.  And the ruse succeeded, said Poirot cheerfully. Therefore, milord, I have much pleasure in returning youthis! With a dramatic gesture Lady Yardly produced a glittering object. It was a great diamond.  The Star of the East, gasped Lady Yardly. But I dont understand  No? said Poirot. It makes no matter. Believe me, it was necessary for a great diamond to be stolen. I promised you that it should be preserved to you, and I have kept my word. You must permit me to keep my little secret. Convey, I beg of you, the assurances of my deepest respect to Lady Yardly, and tell Lady Yardly how pleased I am to be able to restore Lady Yardly jewel to Lady Yardly. What beau temps, is it not? Good day, milord.  And smiling and talking, the amazing little man conducted the bewildered nobleman to the door. the amazing little man returned gently rubbing the amazing little man .  Poirot, I said. Am I quite demented?  No, mon ami, but you are, as always, in a mental fog.  How did you get a great diamond.  From Gregory Rolf.  Gregory Rolf?  Mais oui! The warning letters, the Chinaman, the article in Society Gossip, all sprang from the ingenious brain of Gregory Rolf! The two diamonds, supposed to be so miraculously alikebah! The two diamonds, supposed to be so miraculously alikebah did not exist. There was only one diamond, my friend! Originally in the Yardly collection, for three years it has been in the possession of Rolf?  . Rolf?   stole it this morning with the assistance of a touch of grease paint at the corner of each eye! Ah, I must see Rolf?   on the film, Rolf?   is indeed an artist, celuilà!  But why should Rolf?   steal Rolf?   ? I asked, puzzled.  For many reasons. To begin with, Lady Yardly was getting restive.  Lady Yardly?  You comprehend Lady Yardly was left much alone in California. Lady Yardly husband was amusing Her husband elsewhere. Gregory Rolf was handsome, Gregory Rolf had an air about Gregory Rolf of romance. But au fond, Gregory Rolf is very businesslike, ce monsieur! Gregory Rolf made love to Lady Yardly, and then Gregory Rolf blackmailed Lady Yardly. I taxed Lady Yardly with the truth the other night, and Lady Yardly admitted the truth. Lady Yardly swore that Lady Yardly had only been indiscreet, and I believe Lady Yardly. But, undoubtedly, Gregory Rolf had letters of hers that could be twisted to bear a different interpretation. Terrified by the threat of a divorce, and the prospect of being separated from Lady Yardly children, Lady Yardly agreed to all he wished. Lady Yardly had no money of Lady Yardly own, and Lady Yardly was forced to permit he to substitute a paste replica for the real stone. The coincidence of the date of the appearance of the Western Star struck me at once. All goes well. Lady Yardly prepares to range himselfto settle down. And then comes the menace of the possible sale of the diamond. The substitution will be discovered. Without doubt Lady Yardly writes off frantically to Gregory Rolf who has just arrived in England. Gregory Rolf soothes Lady Yardly by promising to arrange alland prepares for a double robbery. In this way Gregory Rolf will quiet the lady, who might conceivably tell all to Lady Yardly husband, an affair which would not suit our blackmailer at all, our blackmailer will have £50,000 insurance money (aha, you had forgotten that!), and our blackmailer will still have the diamond! At this point I put my finger in the pie. The arrival of a diamond expert is announced. Lady Yardly, as I felt sure Lady Yardly would, immediately arranges a robberyand does a robberyand very well too! But Poirot, Poirot sees nothing but facts. What happens in actuality? Lady Yardly switches off the light, bangs the door, throws the necklace down the passage, and screams. Lady Yardly has already wrenched out the diamond with pliers upstairs  But we saw the necklace round Lady Yardly neck! I objected.  I demand pardon, my friend. Lady Yardly hand concealed the part of it where the gap would have shown. To place a piece of silk in the door beforehand is childs play! Of course, as soon as Gregory Rolf read of the robbery, Gregory Rolf arranged Gregory Rolf own little comedy. And very well Gregory Rolf played his own little comedy!  What did you say to Gregory Rolf? I asked with lively curiosity.  I said to Gregory Rolf that Lady Yardly had told Lady Yardly husband all, that I was empowered to recover the jewel, and that if the jewel were not immediately handed over proceedings would be taken. Also a few more little lies which occurred to me. He was as wax in my hands!  I pondered the matter.  the matter seems a little unfair on Mary Marvell. Mary Marvell has lost Mary Marvell through no fault of Mary Marvell own.  Bah! said Poirot brutally. Mary Marvell has a magnificent advertisement. That is all Mary Marvell cares for, that one! Now the other, Mary Marvell is different. Bonne mère, très femme!  Yes, I said doubtfully, hardly sharing Poirots views on femininity. I suppose it was Gregory Rolf who sent Mary Marvell the duplicate letters.  Pas du tout, said Poirot briskly. Poirot came by the advice of Mary Cavendish to seek my aid in Poirot dilemma. Then Poirot heard that Mary Marvell, whom Poirot knew to be Poirot enemy, had been here, and Poirot changed Poirot mind, jumping at a pretext that you, my friend, offered Poirot. A very few questions sufficed to show me that you told Poirot of the duplicate letters, not Poirot you! Poirot jumped at the chance your words offered.  I dont believe it, I cried, stung.  Si, si, mon ami, it is a pity that you study not the psychology. Poirot told you that the duplicate letters were destroyed? Oh, la la, never does a woman destroy a letter if a woman can avoid a letter! Not even if a letter would be more prudent to do so!  Its all very well, I said, my anger rising, but youve made a perfect fool of me! From beginning to end! No, its all very well to try and explain it away afterwards. There really is a limit!  But you were so enjoying yourself, Poirot. I had not the heart to shatter your illusions.  Its no good. Youve gone a bit too far this time.  Mon Dieu! but how you enrage yourself for nothing, mon ami!  Im fed up! I went out, banging the door. Poirot had made an absolute laughingstock of me. I decided that he needed a sharp lesson. I would let some time elapse before I forgave he. he had encouraged me to make a perfect fool of myself!IIThe Tragedy at Marsdon ManorI had been called away from town for a few days, and on my return found Poirot in the act of strapping up he small valise.  A la bonne heure, Hastings. I feared you would not have returned in time to accompany me.  You are called away on a case, then?  Yes, though I am bound to admit that, on the face of it, the affair does not seem promising. The Northern Union Insurance Company have asked me to investigate the death of a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds.  Yes? I said, much interested.  There was, of course, the usual suicide clause in the policy. In the event of his committing suicide within a year the premiums would be forfeited. a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds was duly examined by the Companys own doctor, and although a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds was a man slightly past the prime of life was passed as being in quite sound health. However, on Wednesday lastthe day before yesterdaythe body of a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds was found in the grounds of a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds house in Essex, Marsdon Manor, and the cause of a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds death is described as some kind of internal hæmorrhage. That in itself would be nothing remarkable, but sinister rumours as to a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds financial position have been in the air of late, and the Northern Union have ascertained beyond any possible doubt that the deceased gentleman stood upon the verge of bankruptcy. Now that alters matters considerably. Maltravers had a beautiful young wife, and Maltravers is suggested that Maltravers got together all the ready money Maltravers could for the purpose of paying the premiums on a life insurance for Maltravers wifes benefit, and then committed suicide. Such a thing is not uncommon. In any case, my friend Alfred Wright, who is a director of the Northern Union, has asked me to investigate the facts of the case, but, as I told Maltravers, I am not very hopeful of success. If the cause of his death had been heart failure, I should have been more sanguine. Heart failure may always be translated as the inability of the local G.P. to discover what Heart failure patient really did die of, but a hæmorrhage seems fairly definite. Still, we can but make some necessary inquiries. Five minutes to pack your bag, Hastings, and we will take a taxi to Liverpool Street.  About an hour later, we alighted from a Great Eastern train at the little station of Marsdon Leigh. Inquiries at the little station of Marsdon Leigh yielded the information that Marsdon Manor was about a mile distant. Poirot decided to walk, and we betook we along the main street.  What is we plan of campaign? I asked.  First I will call upon the doctor. I have ascertained that there is only one doctor in Marsdon Leigh, Dr. Ralph Bernard. Ah, here we are at only one doctor in Marsdon Leigh, Dr. Ralph Bernard house.  his house was a kind of superior cottage, standing back a little from the road. A brass plate on the gate bore the doctors name. we passed up the path and rang the bell.  we proved to be fortunate in we call. It was the doctors consulting hour, and for the moment there were no patients waiting for Dr. Bernard. Dr. Bernard was an elderly man, highshouldered and stooping, with a pleasant vagueness of manner.  Poirot introduced Poirot and explained the purpose of we visit, adding that Insurance Companies were bound to investigate fully in a case of this kind.  Of course, of course, said Dr. Bernard vaguely. I suppose, as Dr. Bernard was such a rich man, Dr. Bernard life was insured for a big sum?  You consider Dr. Bernard a rich man, doctor?  The doctor looked rather surprised.  Was The doctor not? The doctor kept two cars, you know, and Marsdon Manor is a pretty big place to keep up, although I believe The doctor bought Marsdon Manor very cheap.  I understand that The doctor had had considerable losses of late, said Poirot, watching The doctor narrowly.  The latter, however, merely shook The doctor head sadly.  Is that so? Indeed. It is fortunate for The doctor wife, then, that there is this life insurance. A very beautiful and charming young creature, but terribly unstrung by this sad catastrophe. A mass of nerves, poor thing. I have tried to spare her all I can, but of course the shock was bound to be considerable.  You had been attending a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds recently?  My dear sir, I never attended a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds.  What?  I understand a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds was a Christian Scientistor something of that kind.  But you examined the body?  Certainly. I was fetched by one of the undergardeners.  And the cause of death was clear?  Absolutely. There was blood on the lips, but most of the bleeding must have been internal.  Was a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds still lying where a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds had been found?  Yes, the body had not been touched. a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds was lying at the edge of a small plantation. a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds had evidently been out shooting rooks, a small rook rifle lay beside a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds. The hæmorrhage must have occurred quite suddenly. Gastric ulcer, without a doubt.  No question of a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds having been shot, eh?  My dear sir!  I demand pardon, said Poirot humbly. But, if my memory is not at fault, in the case of a recent murder, The doctor first gave a verdict of heart failurealtering The doctor when the local constable pointed out that there was a bullet wound through the head!  You will not find any bullet wounds on the body of a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds, said Dr. Bernard dryly. Now, gentlemen, if there is nothing further  We took the hint.  Good morning, and many thanks to you, doctor, for so kindly answering We questions. By the way, you saw no need for an autopsy?  Certainly not. The doctor became quite apoplectic. the cause of death was clear, and in my profession We see no need to distress unduly the relatives of a dead patient.  And, turning, The doctor slammed the door sharply in We faces.  And what do you think of Dr. Bernard, Hastings? inquired Poirot, as We proceeded on We way to Marsdon Manor.  Rather an old ass.  Exactly. Your judgments of character are always profound, Poirot.  I glanced at character uneasily, but character seemed perfectly serious. A twinkle, however, came into character eye, and character added slyly:  That is to say, when there is no question of a beautiful woman!  I looked at character coldly.  On We arrival at the manorhouse, the door was opened to We by a middleaged parlourmaid. Poirot handed Poirot Poirot card, and a letter from the Insurance Company for a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds. Poirot showed We into a small morningroom, and retired to tell Poirot mistress. About ten minutes elapsed, and then the door opened, and a slender figure in widows weeds stood upon the threshold.  Poirot? Poirot faltered.  Madame! Poirot sprang gallantly to Poirot feet and hastened towards Poirot. I cannot tell you how I regret to derange you in this way. But what will you? Les affairesthey know no mercy.  a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds permitted a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds to lead a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds to a chair. a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds eyes were red with weeping, but the temporary disfigurement could not conceal a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds extraordinary beauty. a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds was about twentyseven or eight, and very fair, with large blue eyes and a pretty pouting mouth.  It is something about my husbands insurance, is it? But must I be bothered nowso soon?  Courage, my dear Madame. Courage! You see, your late husband insured your late husband life for rather a large sum, and in such a case The Northern Union Insurance Company always has to satisfy The Northern Union Insurance Company as to a few details. The Northern Union Insurance Company have empowered me to act for The Northern Union Insurance Company. You can rest assured that I will do all in my power to render the matter not too unpleasant for you. Will you recount to me briefly the sad events of Wednesday?  I was changing for tea when my maid came upone of the gardeners had just run to the house. your late husband had found  a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds voice trailed away. Poirot pressed Poirot hand sympathetically.  I comprehend. Enough! You had seen your late husband earlier in the afternoon?  Not since lunch. I had walked down to the village for some stamps, and I believe your late husband was out pottering round the grounds.  Shooting rooks, eh?  Yes, your late husband usually took Rook Rifle with your late husband, and I heard one or two shots in the distance.  Where is Rook Rifle now?  In the hall, I think.  a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds led the way out of the room and found and handed the little weapon to Poirot, who examined the little weapon cursorily.  Two shots fired, I see, your late husband observed, as your late husband handed the little weapon back. And now, madame, if I might see  your late husband paused delicately.  The servant shall take you, a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds murmured, averting a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds head.  The parlourmaid, summoned, led Poirot upstairs. I remained with the lovely and unfortunate woman. It was hard to know whether to speak or remain silent. I essayed one or two general reflections to which a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds responded absently, and in a very few minutes Poirot rejoined us.  I thank you for all your courtesy, madame. I do not think you need be troubled any further with this matter. By the way, do you know anything of your husbands financial position?  a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds shook her head.  Nothing whatever. I am very stupid over business things.  I see. Then you can give us no clue as to why your late husband suddenly decided to insure your late husband life? your late husband had not done so previously, I understand.  Well, us had only been married a little over a year. But, as to why your late husband insured your late husband life, it was because your late husband had absolutely made up your late husband mind that your late husband would not live long. your late husband had a strong premonition of your late husband own death. I gather that your late husband had had one hæmorrhage already, and that your late husband knew that another one would prove fatal. I tried to dispel these gloomy fears of your late husband, but without avail. Alas, your late husband was only too right!  Tears in her eyes, her bade us a dignified farewell. Poirot made a characteristic gesture as us walked down the drive together.  Eh bien, that is that! Back to London, my friend, there appears to be no mouse in this mousehole. And yet  Yet what?  A slight discrepancy, that is all! You noticed it? You did not? Still, life is full of discrepancies, and assuredly the man cannot have taken the man own lifethere is no poison that would fill the man mouth with blood. No, no, I must resign the man to the fact that all here is clear and aboveboardbut who is this?  A tall young man was striding up the drive towards us. A tall young man passed us without making any sign, but I noted that A tall young man was not illlooking, with a lean, deeply bronzed face that spoke of life in a tropic clime. A gardener who was sweeping up leaves had paused for a minute in A gardener who was sweeping up leaves task, and Poirot ran quickly up to A gardener who was sweeping up leaves.  Tell me, I pray you, who is that gentleman? Do you know A gardener who was sweeping up leaves?  I dont remember A gardener who was sweeping up leaves name, sir, though I did hear it. A gardener who was sweeping up leaves was staying down here last week for a night. Tuesday, it was.  Quick, mon ami, let us follow A gardener who was sweeping up leaves.  us hastened up the drive after a slender figure in widows weeds. A glimpse of a blackrobed figure on the terrace at the side of the house, and us quarry swerved and us after A gardener who was sweeping up leaves, so that us were witnesses of the meeting.  a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds almost staggered where a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds stood, and a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds face blanched noticeably.  You, a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds gasped. I thought you were on the seaon your way to East Africa?  I got some news from my lawyers that detained me, explained A tall young man. My old uncle in Scotland died unexpectedly and left me some money. Under the circumstances I thought it better to cancel my passage. Then I saw this bad news in the paper and I came down to see if there was anything I could do. Youll want some one to look after things for you a bit perhaps.  At that moment they became aware of us presence. Poirot stepped forward, and with many apologies explained that Poirot had left Poirot stick in the hall. Rather reluctantly, it seemed to me, a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds made the necessary introduction.  Monsieur Poirot, Captain Black.  A few minutes chat ensued, in the course of which Poirot elicited the fact that Captain Black was putting up at the Anchor Inn. The missing stick not having been discovered (which was not surprising), Poirot uttered more apologies and we withdrew.  we returned to the village at a great pace, and Poirot made a bee line for the Anchor Inn.  Here we establish we until we friend the Captain returns, our friend the Captain explained. You notice that I emphasized the point that we were returning to London by the first train? Possibly you thought I meant it. But noyou observed a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds face when a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds caught sight of Captain Black? a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds was clearly taken aback, and heeh bien, he was very devoted, did you not think so? And he was here on Tuesday nightthe day before a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds died. we must investigate the doings of Captain Black, Hastings.  In about half an hour we espied we quarry approaching the Anchor Inn. Poirot went out and accosted he and presently brought he up to the room we had engaged.  I have been telling Captain Black of the mission which brings we here, he explained. You can understand, monsieur le capitaine, that I am anxious to arrive at Mr. Maltravers state of mind immediately before he death, and that at the same time I do not wish to distress a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds unduly by asking a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds painful questions. Now, you were here just before the occurrence, and can give we equally valuable information.  Ill do anything I can to help you, Im sure, replied the young soldier; but Im afraid I didnt notice anything out of the ordinary. You see, although Maltravers was an old friend of my peoples, I didnt know Maltravers very well Maltravers.  You came downwhen?  Tuesday afternoon. I went up to town early Wednesday morning, as my boat sailed from Tilbury about twelve oclock. But some news I got made me alter my plans, as I dare say you heard me explain to a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds.  You were returning to East Africa, I understand?  Yes. Ive been out there ever since the Wara great country.  Exactly. Now what was the talk about at dinner on Tuesday night?  Oh, I dont know. The usual odd topics. Maltravers asked after my people, and then we discussed the question of German reparations, and then a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds asked a lot of questions about East Africa, and I told German reparations one or two yarns, thats about all, I think.  Thank you.  Poirot was silent for a moment, then Poirot said gently: With your permission, I should like to try a little experiment. You have told we all that your conscious self knows, I want now to question your subconscious self.  Psychoanalysis, what? said Captain Black, with visible alarm.  Oh, no, said Poirot reassuringly. You see, it is like this, I give you a word, you answer with another, and so on. Any word, the first one you think of. Shall we begin?  All right, said Captain Black slowly, but Captain Black looked uneasy.  Note down the words, please, Hastings, said Poirot. Then Captain Black took from Captain Black pocket Captain Black big turnipfaced watch and laid his big turnipfaced watch on the table beside Captain Black. we will commence. Day.  There was a moments pause, and then Captain Black replied:  Night.  As Poirot proceeded, Captain Black answers came quicker.  Name, said Poirot.  Place.  Bernard.  Shaw.  Tuesday.  Dinner.  Journey.  Ship.  Country.  Uganda.  Story.  Lions.  Rook Rifle.  Farm.  Shot.  Suicide.  Elephant.  Tusks.  Money.  Lawyers.  Thank you, Captain Black. Perhaps you could spare me a few minutes in about half an hours time?  Certainly. the young soldier looked at the young soldier curiously and wiped the young soldier brow as the young soldier got up.  And now, Hastings, said Poirot, smiling at the young soldier as the door closed behind the young soldier. You see it all, do you not?  I dont know what you mean.  Does that list of words tell you nothing?  I scrutinized that list of words, but was forced to shake my head.  I will assist you. To begin with, Captain Black answered well within the normal time limit, with no pauses, so we can take it that he himself has no guilty knowledge to conceal. Day to Night and Place to Name are normal associations. I began work with Bernard which might have suggested the local doctor had Bernard come across Bernard at all. Evidently Bernard had not. After our recent conversation, Bernard gave Dinner.   to Tuesday.  , but Journey and Country were answered by Ship and Uganda, showing clearly that it was Bernard journey abroad that was important to Bernard and not the one which brought Bernard down here. Story recalls to Bernard one of the Lion stories Bernard told at dinner. I proceed to Rook Rifle and Bernard answered with the totally unexpected word Farm. When I say Shot, Bernard answers at once Suicide. The association seems clear. A man he knows committed suicide with a rook rifle on a farm somewhere. Remember, too, that A man he knows mind is still on the stories A man he knows told at dinner, and I think you will agree that I shall not be far from the truth if I recall Captain Black and ask A man he knows to repeat the particular suicide story which A man he knows told at the dinnertable on Tuesday evening.  Captain Black was straightforward enough over the matter.  Yes, I did tell Captain Black the particular suicide story which he told at the dinnertable on Tuesday evening now that I come to think of the particular suicide story which he told at the dinnertable on Tuesday evening. Chap shot himself on a farm out there. Did a farm with a rook rifle through the roof of the mouth, bullet lodged in the brain. Doctors were no end puzzled over itthere was nothing to show except a little blood on the lips. But what  What has it got to do with a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds? You did not know, I see, that a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds was found with a rook rifle by a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds side.  You mean the particular suicide story which he told at the dinnertable on Tuesday evening suggested to himoh, but that is awful!  Do not distress yourselfit would have been one way or another. Well, I must get on the telephone to London.  Poirot had a lengthy conversation over the wire, and came back thoughtful. Poirot went off by Poirot in the afternoon, and it was not till seven oclock that Poirot announced that Poirot could put it off no longer, but must break the news to the young widow. My sympathy had already gone out to Poirot unreservedly. To be left penniless, and with the knowledge that Poirot husband had killed her husband to assure Poirot future was a hard burden for any woman to bear. I cherished a secret hope, however, that Captain Black might prove capable of consoling Poirot after Poirot first grief had passed. Poirot evidently admired Poirot enormously.  Our interview with Poirot was painful. Poirot refused vehemently to believe the facts that Poirot advanced, and when Poirot was at last convinced broke down into bitter weeping. An examination of the body turned Our suspicions into certainty. Poirot was very sorry for Poirot, but, after all, Poirot was employed by the Insurance Company, and what could Poirot do? As Poirot was preparing to leave Poirot said gently to a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds:  Madame, you of all people should know that there are no dead!  What do you mean? Poirot faltered, Poirot eyes growing wide.  Have you never taken part in any spiritualistic séances? You are mediumistic, you know.  I have been told so. But you do not believe in Spiritualism, surely?  Madame, I have seen some strange things. You know that they say in the village that this house is haunted?  Poirot nodded, and at that moment the parlourmaid announced that dinner was ready.  Wont you just stay and have something to eat?  Our accepted gratefully, and I felt that Our presence could not but help distract Poirot a little from Poirot own griefs.  Our had just finished Our soup, when there was a scream outside the door, and the sound of breaking crockery. Our jumped up. the parlourmaid appeared, Poirot hand to Poirot heart.  It was a manstanding in the passage.  Poirot rushed out, returning quickly.  There is no one there.  Isnt there, sir? said the parlourmaid weakly. Oh, the parlourmaid did give me a start!  But why?  Poirot dropped Poirot voice to a whisper.  I thoughtI thought it was the masterit looked like sirm.  I saw a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds give a terrified start, and my mind flew to the old superstition that a suicide cannot rest. a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds thought of it too, I am sure, for a minute later, a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds caught Poirots arm with a scream.  Didnt you hear that? Those three taps on the window? Thats how he always used to tap when he passed round the house.  The ivy, I cried. It was the ivy against the pane.  But a sort of terror was gaining on us all. the parlourmaid was obviously unstrung, and when the meal was over Mrs. Maltravers besought Poirot not to go at once. Poirot was clearly terrified to be left alone. We sat in the little morningroom. The wind was getting up, and moaning round the house in an eerie fashion. Twice the door of the room came unlatched and the door of the room slowly opened, and each time Poirot clung to me with a terrified gasp.  Ah, but the door of the room, the door of the room is bewitched! cried  Poirot angrily at last. he got up and shut the door of the room once more, then turned the key in the lock. I shall lock the door of the room, so!  Dont do that, Poirot gasped, if the door of the room should come open now  And even as Poirot spoke the impossible happened. the door of the room slowly swung open. I could not see into the passage from where I sat, but Poirot and Poirot were facing the passage from where I sat. Poirot gave one long shriek as Poirot turned to him.  You saw himthere in the passage from where I sat? Poirot cried.  he was staring down at Poirot with a puzzled face, then shook he head.  I saw himmy husbandyou must have seen he too?  Madame, I saw nothing. You are not wellunstrung  I am perfectly well, IOh, God!  Suddenly, without any warning, the lights quivered and went out. Out of the darkness came three loud raps. I could hear a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds moaning.  And thenI saw!  The man I had seen on the bed upstairs stood there facing us, gleaming with a faint ghostly light. There was blood on The man I had seen on the bed upstairs lips, and The man I had seen on the bed upstairs held The man I had seen on the bed upstairs right hand out, pointing. Suddenly a brilliant light seemed to proceed from a brilliant light. a brilliant light passed over Poirot and me, and fell on a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds. I saw a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds white terrified face, and something else!  My God, Poirot! I cried. Look at his right hand, his right hand. Its all red!  a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds own eyes fell on Her own eyes, and a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds collapsed in a heap on the floor.  Blood, a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds cried hysterically. Yes, Her own eyes blood. I killed him. I did its blood. him was showing me, and then I put his right hand on the trigger and pressed. Save me from himsave me! hims come back!  a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds voice died away in a gurgle.  Lights, said Poirot briskly.  Lights went on as if by magic.  Thats Lights, him continued. You heard, Hastings? And you, Everett? Oh, by the way, this is Mr. Everett, rather a fine member of the theatrical profession. I phoned to Hastings this afternoon. Hastings makeup is good, isnt it? Quite like the dead man, and with a pocket torch and the necessary phosphorescence Hastings made the proper impression. I shouldnt touch his right hand if I were you, Hastings. Red paint marks so. When Lights went out I clasped his right hand, you see. By the way, we mustnt miss we train. Inspector Japp is outside the window. A bad nightbut Inspector Japp has been able to while away the time by tapping on the window every now and then.  You see, PoirotPoirot, as we walked briskly through the wind and rain, there was a little discrepancy. The doctor seemed to think the deceased was a Christian Scientist, and who could have given The doctor that impression but a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds? But to we a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds represented The doctor as being in a grave state of apprehension about The doctor own health. Again, why was a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds so taken aback by the reappearance of Captain Black? And lastly, although I know that convention decrees that a woman must make a decent pretence of mourning for a woman , I do not care for such heavilyrouged eyelids! You did not observe them, Hastings? No? As I always tell you, you see nothing!  Well, there it was. There were the two possibilities. Did Blacks story suggest an ingenious method of committing suicide to Mr. Maltravers, or did Mr. Maltravers other listener, the wife, see an equally ingenious method of committing murder? I inclined to the latter view. To shoot her husband in the way indicated, her husband would probably have had to pull the trigger with her husband toeor at least so I imagine. Now if a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds had been found with one boot off, we should almost certainly have heard of a Mr. Maltravers who a few weeks ago insured his life with them for the large sum of fifty thousand pounds from some one. An odd detail like that would have been remembered.  No, as I say, I inclined to the view that it was a case of murder, not suicide, but I realized that I had not a shadow of proof in support of my theory. Hence the elaborate little comedy you saw played tonight.  Even now I dont quite see all the details of the crime? I said.  Let we start from the beginning. Here is a shrewd and scheming woman who, knowing of her husbands financial débâcle and tired of the elderly mate her has only married for his money, induces his to insure his life for a large sum, and then seeks for the means to accomplish her purpose. An accident gives An accident thatthe young soldiers strange story. The next afternoon when monsieur le capitaine, as An accident thinks, is on the high seas, An accident and An accident are strolling round the grounds. What a curious story that was last night! An accident observes. Could a man shoot a man in such a way? Do show me if it is possible! The poor foolhe shows An accident. The poor foolhe places the end of the rifle in The poor foolhe mouth. An accident stoops down, and puts An accident finger on the trigger, laughing up at The poor foolhe. And now, sir, An accident says saucily, supposing I pull the trigger?  And thenand then, Hastingsshe pulls it!IIIThe Adventure of the Cheap FlatSo far, in the cases which I have recorded, Poirots investigations have started from the central fact, whether murder or robbery, and have proceeded from thence by a process of logical deduction to the final triumphant unravelling. In the events I am now about to chronicle, a remarkable chain of circumstances led from the apparently trivial incidents which first attracted Poirots attention to the sinister happenings which completed a most unusual case.  I had been spending the evening with an old friend of mine, Gerald Parker. There had been, perhaps, about half a dozen people there besides my host and myself, and the talk fell, as it was bound to do sooner or later wherever Gerald Parker found Gerald Parker, on the subject of househunting in London. Houses and flats were Parkers special hobby. Since the end of the War, Gerald Parker had occupied at least half a dozen different flats and maisonnettes. No sooner was Gerald Parker settled anywhere than Gerald Parker would light unexpectedly upon a new find, and would forthwith depart bag and baggage. Gerald Parker moves were nearly always accomplished at a slight pecuniary gain, for Gerald Parker had a shrewd business head, but it was sheer love of the sport that actuated Gerald Parker, and not a desire to make money at it. We listened to Gerald Parker for some time with the respect of the novice for the expert. Then it was We turn, and a perfect babel of tongues was let loose. Finally the floor was left to Mrs. Robinson, a charming little bride who was there with Gerald Parker . I had never met Mrs. Robinson, a charming little bride who was there with her husband before, as Robinson was only a recent acquaintance of Parkers.  Talking of flats, Gerald Parker said, have you heard of We piece of luck, Mr. Parker? Weve got a flatat last! In Montagu Mansions.  Well, said Gerald Parker, Ive always said there are plenty of flatsat a price!  Yes, but this isnt at a price. this dirt cheap. Eighty pounds a year!  Montagu Mansions.   is just off Knightsbridge, isnt Montagu Mansions.  ? Big handsome building. Or are you talking of a poor relation of the same name stuck in the slums somewhere?  No, Montagu Mansions.   the Knightsbridge one. Thats what makes it so wonderful.  Wonderful is the word! it a blinking miracle. But there must be a catch somewhere. Big premium, I suppose?  No premium!  No premoh, hold my head, somebody! groaned Gerald Parker.  But Weve got to buy the furniture, continued Mrs. Robinson.  Ah! Gerald Parker brisked up. I knew there was a catch!  For fifty pounds. And it beautifully furnished!  I give it up, said Gerald Parker. The present occupants must be lunatics with a taste for philanthropy.  Robinson was looking a little troubled. A little pucker appeared between Robinson dainty brows.  A little pucker is queer, isnt it? You dont think thatthatthe place is haunted?  Never heard of a haunted flat, declared Gerald Parker decisively.  No. Robinson appeared far from convinced. But there were several things about it all that struck me aswell, queer.  For instance I suggested.  Ah, said Gerald Parker, our criminal experts attention is aroused! Unburden yourself to Gerald Parker, Robinson. Hastings is a great unraveller of mysteries.  I laughed, embarrassed but not wholly displeased with the rôle thrust upon Hastings.  Oh, not really queer, Hastings, but when we went to the agents, Stosser and Paulwe hadnt tried the agents before because the agents only have the expensive Mayfair flats, but we thought at any rate it would do no harmeverything the agents offered we was four and five hundred a year, or else huge premiums, and then, just as we were going, the agents mentioned that the agents had a flat at eighty, but that the agents doubted if it would be any good we going there, because it had been on the agents books some time and the agents had sent so many people to see it that it was almost sure to be takensnapped up as the clerk put itonly people were so tiresome in not letting itonly people know, and then itonly people went on sending, and people get annoyed at being sent to a place that had, perhaps, been let some time.  Robinson paused for some much needed breath, and then continued: we thanked Robinson, and said that we quite understood it would probably be no good, but that we should like an order all the samejust in case. And we went there straight away in a taxi, for, after all, you never know. No. 4 was on the second floor, and just as we were waiting for the lift, Elsie Fergusonshes a friend of mine, Captain Hastings, and Elsie Fergusonshes a friend of mine, Captain Hastings are looking for a flat toocame hurrying down the stairs. Ahead of you for once, my dear, Elsie Fergusonshes said. But its no good. its already let. That seemed to finish its, butwell, as John said, the place was very cheap, we could afford to give more, and perhaps if we offered a premium.A horrid thing to do, of course, and I feel quite ashamed of telling you, but you know what flathunting is.  I assured Elsie Fergusonshes that I was well aware that in the struggle for houseroom the baser side of human nature frequently triumphed over the higher, and that the wellknown rule of dog eat dog always applied.  So we went up and, would you believe it, the flat wasnt let at all. we were shown over it by the maid, and then we saw the mistress, and the thing was settled then and there. Immediate possession and fifty pounds for the furniture. we signed the agreement next day, and we are to move in tomorrow! Robinson paused triumphantly.  And what about Mrs. Ferguson? asked Gerald Parker. Lets have your deductions, Hastings.  Obvious, my dear Watson, I quoted lightly. Gerald Parker went to the wrong flat.  Oh, Captain Hastings, how clever of you! cried Robinson admiringly.  I rather wished Poirot had been there. Sometimes I have the feeling that Poirot rather underestimates my capabilities.The whole thing was rather amusing, and I propounded the thing as a mock problem to Poirot on the following morning. Poirot seemed interested, and questioned me rather narrowly as to the rents of flats in various localities.  A curious story, Poirot said thoughtfully. Excuse me, Hastings, I must take a short stroll.  When Hastings returned, about an hour later, Hastings eyes were gleaming with a peculiar excitement. Hastings laid Hastings stick on the table, and brushed the nap of Hastings hat with Hastings usual tender care before Hastings spoke.  It is as well, mon ami, that we have no affairs of moment on hand. we can devote we wholly to the present investigation.  What investigation are you talking about?  The remarkable cheapness of your friends, Mrs. Robinsons, new flat.  Poirot, you are not serious!  I am most serious. Figure to yourself, my friend, that the real rent of those flats is £350. I have just ascertained that from the landlords agents. And yet this particular flat is being sublet at eighty pounds! Why?  There must be something wrong with it. Perhaps it is haunted, as Robinson suggested.  Poirot shook Poirot head in a dissatisfied manner.  Then again how curious it is that Poirot friend tells Poirot the flat is let, and, when Poirot goes up, behold, it is not so at all!  But surely you agree with me that the other woman must have gone to the wrong flat. That is the only possible solution.  You may or may not be right on that point, Hastings. The fact still remains that numerous other applicants were sent to see The fact, and yet, in spite of The fact remarkable cheapness, The fact was still in the market when Robinson arrived.  That shows that there must be something wrong about it.  Robinson did not seem to notice anything amiss. Very curious, is it not? Did Robinson impress you as being a truthful woman, Hastings?  Robinson was a delightful creature!  Évidemment! since Robinson renders you incapable of replying to my question. Describe Robinson to me, then.  Well, Robinsons tall and fair; Robinson hairs really a beautiful shade of auburn  Always you have had a penchant for auburn hair! murmured Poirot. But continue.  Blue eyes and a very nice complexion andwell, thats all, I think, I concluded lamely.  And Robinson husband?  Oh, her husband?  s quite a nice fellownothing startling.  Dark or fair?  I dont knowbetwixt and between, and just an ordinary sort of face.  Poirot nodded.  Yes, there are hundreds of these average menand, anyway, you bring more sympathy and appreciation to your description of women. Do you know anything about these people? Does Gerald Parker know these people well.  these people are just recent acquaintances, I believe. But surely, Poirot, you dont think for an instant  Poirot raised an instant  Poirot hand.  Tout doucement, mon ami. Have I said that I think anything? All I say isit is a curious story. And there is nothing to throw light upon it; except perhaps the ladys name, eh, Hastings?  Hastings name is Stella, I said stiffly, but I dont see  Poirot interrupted me with a tremendous chuckle. Something seemed to be amusing Poirot vastly.  And Stella means a star, does it not? Famous!  What on earth  And stars give light! Voilà! Calm yourself, Hastings. Do not put on that air of injured dignity. Come, we will go to Montagu Mansions.   and make a few inquiries.  I accompanied Hastings, nothing loath. Montagu Mansions.   were a handsome block of buildings in excellent repair. A uniformed porter was sunning A uniformed porter on the threshold, and it was to A uniformed porter that Poirot addressed A uniformed porter:  Pardon, but could you tell me if a Mr. and Mrs. Robinson reside here?  A uniformed porter was a man of few words and apparently of a sour or suspicious disposition. A uniformed porter hardly looked at us and grunted out:  No. 4. Second floor.  I thank you. Can you tell me how long they have been here?  Six months.  I started forward in amazement, conscious as I did so of Poirots malicious grin.  Impossible, I cried. You must be making a mistake.  Six months.  Are you sure? The lady I mean is tall and fair with reddish gold hair and  Thats er, said A uniformed porter. Come in the Michaelmas quarter, they did. Just six months ago.  A uniformed porter appeared to lose interest in us and retreated slowly up the hall. I followed Poirot outside.  Eh bien, Hastings? my friend demanded slyly. Are you so sure now that delightful women always speak the truth?  I did not reply.  Poirot had steered A uniformed porter way into Brompton Road before I asked A uniformed porter what A uniformed porter was going to do and where us were going.  To the house agents, Hastings. I have a great desire to have a flat in Montagu Mansions.  . If I am not mistaken, several interesting things will take place there before long.  us were fortunate in us quest. No. 8, on the fourth floor, was to be let furnished at ten guineas a week. Poirot promptly took Poirot for a month. Outside in the street again, Poirot silenced my protests:  But I make money nowadays! Why should I not indulge a whim? By the way, Hastings, have you a revolver?  Yessomewhere, I answered, slightly thrilled. Do you think  That you will need it? It is quite possible. The idea pleases you, I see. Always the spectacular and romantic appeals to you.  The following day saw us installed in us temporary home. The flat was pleasantly furnished. It occupied the same position in the building as that of the Robinsons, but was two floors higher.  The day after us installation was a Sunday. In the afternoon, Poirot left the front door ajar, and summoned me hastily as a bang reverberated from somewhere below.  Look over the banisters. Are those your friends. Do not let those your friends see you.  I craned my neck over the staircase.  Thats those your friends, I declared in an ungrammatical whisper.  Good. Wait awhile.  About half an hour later, a young woman emerged in brilliant and varied clothing. With a sigh of satisfaction, Poirot tiptoed back into the flat.  Cest ça. After the master and mistress, the maid. the flat should now be empty.  What are we going to do? I asked uneasily.  Poirot had trotted briskly into the scullery and was hauling at the rope of the coallift.  we are about to descend after the method of the dustbins, Poirot explained cheerfully. No one will observe we. The Sunday concert, the Sunday afternoon out, and finally the Sunday nap after the Sunday dinner of Englandle rosbifall these will distract attention from the doings of Poirot. Come, my friend.  Poirot stepped into the rough wooden contrivance and I followed Poirot gingerly.  Are we going to break into the flat? I asked dubiously.  Poirots answer was not too reassuring:  Not precisely today, Poirot replied.  Pulling on the rope of the coallift, we descended slowly till we reached the second floor. Poirot uttered an exclamation of satisfaction as Poirot perceived that the wooden door into the scullery was open.  You observe? Never do they bolt these doors in the daytime. And yet anyone could mount or descend as we have done. At night yesthough not always thenand it is against that that we are going to make provision.  Poirot had drawn some tools from Poirot pocket as Poirot spoke, and at once set deftly to work, Poirot object being to arrange the bolt so that his object could be pulled back from the lift. The operation only occupied about three minutes. Then Poirot returned some tools to his pocket, and we reascended once more to we own domain.On Monday Poirot was out all day, but when Poirot returned in the evening Poirot flung Poirot into Poirot chair with a sigh of satisfaction.  Hastings, shall I recount to Hastings a little history? A story after your own heart and which will remind you of your favourite cinema?  Go ahead, I laughed. I presume that it is a true story, not one of your efforts of fancy.  It is true enough. Inspector Japp of Scotland Yard will vouch for Inspector Japp of Scotland Yard accuracy, since Inspector Japp of Scotland Yard was through Inspector Japp of Scotland Yard kind offices that it came to my ears. Listen, Hastings. A little over six months ago some important Naval plans were stolen from the Department. some important Naval plans showed the position of some of the most important Harbour defences, and would be worth a considerable sum to any foreign Governmentthat of Japan, for example. Suspicion fell upon a young man named Luigi Valdarno, an Italian by birth, who was employed in a minor capacity in the Department and who was missing at the same time as the papers. Whether Luigi Valdarno was the thief or not, Luigi Valdarno was found two days later on the East Side in New York, shot dead. the papers were not on Luigi Valdarno. Now for some time past Luigi Valdarno had been going about with a Miss Elsa Hardt, a young concert singer who had recently appeared and who lived with a brother in an apartment in Washington. Nothing was known of the antecedents of Miss Elsa Hardt, and Elsa Hardt disappeared suddenly about the time of Valdarnos death. There are reasons for believing that Elsa Hardt was in reality an accomplished international spy who has done much nefarious work under various aliases. The American Secret Service, whilst doing The American Secret Service best to trace Elsa Hardt, also kept an eye upon certain insignificant Japanese gentlemen living in Washington. The American Secret Service felt pretty certain that, when Elsa Hardt had covered Elsa Hardt tracks sufficiently, Elsa Hardt would approach certain insignificant Japanese gentlemen living in Washington in question. One of The American Secret Service left suddenly for England a fortnight ago. On the face of it, therefore, it would seem that Elsa Hardt is in England. Poirot paused, and then added softly: The official description of Elsa Hardt is: Height 5 ft. 7, eyes blue, hair auburn, fair complexion, nose straight, no special distinguishing marks.  Robinson! I gasped.  Well, there is a chance of it, anyhow, Poirot. Also, I learn that a swarthy man, a foreigner of some kind, was inquiring about the occupants of No. 4 only this morning. Therefore, mon ami, I fear that you must forswear your beauty sleep tonight, and join me in my allnight vigil in the flat belowarmed with that excellent revolver of yours, bien entendu!  Rather, I cried with enthusiasm. When shall we start?  The hour of midnight is both solemn and suitable, I fancy. Nothing is likely to occur before then.  At twelve oclock precisely, we crept cautiously into the coallift and lowered we to the second floor. Under Poirots manipulation, the wooden door quickly swung inwards, and we climbed into the flat. From the scullery we passed into the kitchen where we established we comfortably in two chairs with the wooden door into the hall ajar.  Now we have but to wait, said Poirot contentedly, closing his eyes.  To Poirot, the waiting appeared endless. I was terrified of going to sleep. Just when it seemed to Poirot that I had been there about eight hoursand had, as I found out afterwards, in reality been exactly one hour and twenty minutesa faint scratching sound came to my ears. Poirots hand touched mine. I rose, and together we moved carefully in the direction of the hall. The noise came from there. Poirot placed Poirot lips to my ear.  Outside the wooden door. They are cutting out the lock. When I give the word, not before, fall upon Poirot from behind and hold Poirot fast. Be careful, Poirot will have a knife.  Presently there was a rending sound, and a little circle of light appeared through the wooden door. the wooden door was extinguished immediately and then the wooden door was slowly opened. Poirot and I flattened Poirot and I against the wall. I heard a mans breathing as Poirot passed we. Then Poirot flashed on Poirot torch, and as Poirot did so, Poirot hissed in my ear:  Allez.  Poirot and I sprang together, Poirot with a quick movement enveloped the intruders head with a light woollen scarf whilst I pinioned a light woollen scarf arms. The whole affair was quick and noiseless. I twisted a dagger from Poirot hand, and as Poirot brought down a light woollen scarf from Poirot eyes, whilst keeping a light woollen scarf wound tightly round Poirot mouth, I jerked up my revolver where Poirot could see a light woollen scarf and understand that resistance was useless. As Poirot ceased to struggle Poirot put his mouth close to Poirot ear and began to whisper rapidly. After a minute Poirot nodded. Then enjoining silence with a movement of the hand, Poirot led the way out of the flat and down the stairs. Poirot and I captive followed, and I brought up the rear with the revolver. When Poirot and I were out in the street, Poirot turned to Poirot.  There is a taxi waiting just round the corner. Give me the revolver. We shall not need the revolver now.  But if this fellow tries to escape?  Poirot smiled.  this fellow will not.  I returned in a minute with a taxi waiting. a light woollen scarf had been unwound from the strangers face, and I gave a start of surprise.  this fellows not a Jap, I ejaculated in a whisper to Poirot.  Observation was always your strong point, Hastings! Nothing escapes you. No, Poirot is not a Jap. Poirot is an Italian.  Poirot and I got into a taxi waiting, and Poirot gave the driver an address in St. Johns Wood. I was by now completely fogged. I did not like to ask Poirot where Poirot and I were going in front of Our captive, and strove in vain to obtain some light upon the proceedings.  Poirot and I alighted at the door of a small house standing back from the road. A returning wayfarer, slightly drunk, was lurching along the pavement and almost collided with Poirot, who said something sharply to him which I did not catch. All three of Poirot and I went up the steps of a small house standing back from the road. Poirot rang the bell and motioned Poirot and I to stand a little aside. There was no answer and him rang again and then seized the knocker which him plied for some minutes vigorously.  A light appeared suddenly above the fanlight, and the wooden door was opened cautiously a little way.  What the devil do you want? a mans voice demanded harshly.  I want the doctor. My wife is taken ill.  Theres no doctor here.  Poirot prepared to shut the wooden door, but Poirot thrust Poirot foot in adroitly. Poirot became suddenly a perfect caricature of an infuriated Frenchman.  What you say, there is no doctor? I will have the law of you. You must come! I will stay here and ring and knock all night.  My dear sir the wooden door was opened again, the man, clad in a dressinggown and slippers, stepped forward to pacify Poirot with an uneasy glance round.  I will call the police.  Poirot prepared to descend the steps of the house.  No, dont do that for Heavens sake! Poirot dashed after Poirot.  With a neat push Poirot sent Poirot staggering down the steps of the house. In another minute all three of us were inside the wooden door and the wooden door was pushed to and bolted.  Quickin here. Poirot led the way into the nearest room switching on the light as Poirot did so. And youbehind the curtain.  Si, signor, said the Italian and slid rapidly behind the full folds of rosecoloured velvet which draped the embrasure of the window.  Not a minute too soon. Just as Poirot disappeared from view a woman rushed into the room. a woman was tall with reddish hair and held a scarlet kimono round a woman slender form.  Where is my husband? a woman cried, with a quick frightened glance. Who are you?  Poirot stepped forward with a bow.  It is to be hoped my husband will not suffer from a chill. I observed that my husband had slippers on my husband feet, and that my husband dressinggown was a warm one.  Who are you? What are you doing in a small house standing back from the road?  It is true that none of us have the pleasure of your acquaintance, madame. It is especially to be regretted as one of us number has come specially from New York in order to meet you.  The curtains parted and an Italian stepped out. To my horror I observed that Italian was brandishing my revolver, which Poirot must doubtless have put down through inadvertence in the cab.  a woman gave a piercing scream and turned to fly, but Poirot was standing in front of the closed door.  Let me by, a woman shrieked. Italian will murder me.  Who was it dat croaked Luigi Valdarno? asked an Italian hoarsely, brandishing the weapon, and sweeping each one of us with the weapon. us dared not move.  My God, Poirot, this is awful. What shall us do? I cried.  You will oblige me by refraining from talking so much, Hastings. I can assure you that us friend will not shoot until I give the word.  Youse sure o dat, eh? said an Italian, leering unpleasantly.  It was more than I was, but a woman turned to Poirot like a flash.  What is it you want?  Poirot bowed.  I do not think it is necessary to insult a woman Hardts intelligence by telling a woman.  With a swift movement, a woman snatched up a big black velvet cat which served as a cover for the telephone.  They are stitched in the lining of that.  Clever, murmured Poirot appreciatively. Clever stood aside from the wooden door. Good evening, madame. I will detain your friend from New York whilst you make your getaway.  Whatta fool! roared an Italianan Italian, and raising the revolver he fired pointblank at the womans retreating figure just as I flung myself upon figure.  But the weapon merely clicked harmlessly and Poirots voice rose in mild reproof.  Never will you trust your old friend, Hastings. I do not care for my friends to carry loaded pistols about with my friends and never would I permit a mere acquaintance to do so. No, no, mon ami. This to the Italian who swearing hoarsely. Poirot continued to address Poirot in a tone of mild reproof: See now, what I have done for Poirot. I have saved you from being hanged. And do not think that our beautiful lady will escape. No, no, a small house standing back from the road is watched, back and front. Straight into the arms of the police they will go. Is not that a beautiful and consoling thought? Yes, you may leave the room now. But be carefulbe very careful. IAh, IAh is gone! And our friend looks at myself with eyes of reproach. But it was all so simple! It was clear, from the first, that out of several hundred, probably, applicants for No. 4, Montagu Mansions only the Robinsons were considered suitable. Why? What was there that singled them out from the restat practically a glance. them appearance? Possibly, but it was not so unusual. them name, then!  But theres nothing unusual about the name of Robinson, I cried. Its quite a common name.  Ah! Sapristi, but exactly! That was the point. Elsa Hardt and Elsa Hardt husband, or brother or whatever he really is, come from New York, and take a flat in the name of Mr. and Mrs. Robinson. Suddenly Elsa Hardt and her husband, or brother or whatever he really is learn that one of these secret societies, the Mafia, or the Camorra, to which doubtless Luigi Valdarno belonged, is on Elsa Hardt and her husband, or brother or whatever he really is track. What do Elsa Hardt and her husband, or brother or whatever he really is do? Elsa Hardt and her husband, or brother or whatever he really is hit on a scheme of transparent simplicity. Evidently Elsa Hardt and her husband, or brother or whatever he really is knew that Elsa Hardt and her husband, or brother or whatever he really is pursuers were not personally acquainted with either of Elsa Hardt and her husband, or brother or whatever he really is. What then can be simpler? Elsa Hardt and her husband, or brother or whatever he really is offer the flat at an absurdly low rental. Of the thousands of young couples in London looking for flats, there cannot fail to be several Robinsons. It is only a matter of waiting. If you will look at the name of Robinson in the telephone directory, you will realize that a fairhaired Mrs. Robinson was pretty sure to come along sooner or later. Then what will happen? The avenger arrives. a fairhaired Mrs. Robinson knows the name of Robinson in the telephone directory, a fairhaired Mrs. Robinson knows the address. a fairhaired Mrs. Robinson strikes! All is over, vengeance is satisfied, and Elsa Hardt Elsa Hardt has escaped by the skin of Elsa Hardt teeth once more. By the way, our friend, you must present me to the real Mrs. Robinsonthat delightful and truthful creature! What will the real Mrs. Robinsonthat delightful and truthful creature think when the real Mrs. Robinsonthat delightful and truthful creature find the real Mrs. Robinsonthat delightful and truthful creature flat has been broken into! We must hurry back. Ah, that sounds like Japp and Japp friends arriving.  A mighty tattoo sounded on the knocker.  How did you know the address? I asked as I followed Poirot out into the hall. Oh, of course, you had a fairhaired Mrs. Robinson followed when a fairhaired Mrs. Robinson left the other flat.  A la bonne heure, Hastings. You use your grey cells at last. Now for a little surprise for Japp.  Softly unbolting the wooden door, A la bonne heure, Hastings stuck the cats head round the edge and ejaculated a piercing Miaow.  The Scotland Yard inspector, who was standing outside with another man, jumped in spite of another man.  Oh, its only Monsieur Poirot at one of another man little jokes! another man exclaimed, as Poirots head followed that of the cat. Let us in, moosior.  You have us friends safe and sound?  Yes, usve got the birds all right. But the birds hadnt got the goods with the birds.  I see. So you come to search. Well, I am about to depart with our friend, but I should like to give you a little lecture upon the history and habits of the domestic cat.  For the Lords sake, have you gone completely balmy?  The cat, declaimed Poirot, was worshipped by the ancient Egyptians. The cat, declaimed Poirot is still regarded as a symbol of good luck if a black cat crosses your path. a black cat crossed your path tonight, Japp. To speak of the interior of any animal or any person is not, I know, considered polite in England. But the interior of a black cat is perfectly delicate. I refer to the lining.  With a sudden grunt, the second man seized a black cat from Poirots hand.  Oh, I forgot to introduce you, said Japp. Poirot, this is Mr. Burt of the United States Secret Service.  The Americans trained fingers had felt what the second man was looking for. the second man held out the second man hand, and for a moment speech failed the second man. Then the second man rose to the occasion.  Pleased to meet you, said Mr. Burt of the United States Secret Service.IVThe Mystery of Hunters LodgeAfter all, murmured Poirot, it is possible that I shall not die this time.  Coming from a convalescent influenza patient, I hailed the remark as showing a beneficial optimism. I myself had been the first sufferer from the disease. Poirot in Poirot turn had gone down. Poirot was now sitting up in bed, propped up with pillows, Poirot head muffled in a woollen shawl, and was slowly sipping a particularly noxious tisane which I had prepared according to Poirot directions. Poirot eye rested with pleasure upon a neatly graduated row of medicine bottles which adorned the mantelpiece.  Yes, yes, our friend continued. Once more shall I be our friend again, the great Poirot, the terror of evildoers! Figure to yourself, mon ami, that I have a little paragraph to our friend in Society Gossip. But yes! Here a little paragraph is! Go itcriminalsall out! Hercule Poirotand believe me, girls, Hercule Poirotands some Hercules!our own pet society detective cant get a grip on you. Cause why? Cause Hercule Poirotands got la grippe himself!  I laughed.  Good for you, Poirot. You are becoming quite a public character. And fortunately you havent missed anything of particular interest during this time.  That is true. The few cases I have had to decline did not fill me with any regret.  Our landlady stuck Our landlady in at the wooden door.  Theres a gentleman downstairs. Says a gentleman must see Poirot or you, Captain. Seeing as a gentleman was in a great todoand with all that quite the gentlemanI brought up is card.  Our landlady handed me the bit of pasteboard. Mr. Roger Havering, I read.  Poirot motioned with Mr. Roger Havering towards the bookcase, and I obediently pulled forth Whos Who. Poirot took the bookcase from Poirot and scanned the pages rapidly.  Second son of fifth Baron Windsor. Married 1913 Zoe, fourth daughter of William Crabb.  Hm! I said. I rather fancy thats the girl who used to act at the Frivolityonly the girl who used to act at the Frivolityonly called the girl who used to act at the Frivolityonly Zoe Carrisbrook. I remember the girl who used to act at the Frivolityonly married some young man about town just before the War.  Would it interest you, our friend, to go down and hear what our visitors particular little trouble is? Make our friend all my excuses.  Mr. Roger Havering was a man of about forty, well set up and of smart appearance. Mr. Roger Havering face, however, was haggard, and Mr. Roger Havering was evidently labouring under great agitation.  our friend? You are Monsieur Poirots partner, I understand. It is imperative that our friend should come with Poirot to Derbyshire today.  Im afraid thats impossible, I replied. Poirot is ill in bedinfluenza.  His face fell.  Dear me, that is a great blow to Poirot.  The matter on which you want to consult our friend is serious?  My God, yes! My uncle, the best friend I have in the world, was foully murdered last night.  Here in London?  No, in Derbyshire. I was in town and received a telegram from my wife this morning. Immediately upon this morning receipt I determined to come round and beg Poirot to undertake the case.  If you will excuse me a minute, I said, struck by a sudden idea.  I rushed upstairs, and in a few brief words acquainted Poirot with the situation. Poirot took any further words out of my mouth.  I see. I see. You want to go yourself, is it not so? Well, why not? You should know my methods by now. All I ask is that you should report to Poirot fully every day, and follow implicitly any instructions I may wire you.  To this I willingly agreed.An hour later I was sitting opposite Mr. Roger Havering in a firstclass carriage on the Midland Railway, speeding rapidly away from London.  To begin with, our friend, you must understand that Hunters Lodge, where we are going, and where the tragedy took place, is only a small shootingbox in the heart of the Derbyshire moors. Our real home is near Newmarket, and Our usually rent a flat in town for the season. Hunters Lodge is looked after by a housekeeper who is quite capable of doing all we need when Our run down for an occasional weekend. Of course, during the shooting season, Our take down some of Our own servants from Newmarket. My uncle, Mr. Harrington Pace (as you may know, my mother was a Miss Pace of New York), has, for the last three years, made My uncle, Mr. Harrington Pace (as you may know, my mother was a Miss Pace of New York) home with Our. My uncle, Mr. Harrington Pace (as you may know, my mother was a Miss Pace of New York) never got on well with my father, or my elder brother, and I suspect that my being somewhat of a prodigal son myself rather increased than diminished My uncle, Mr. Harrington Pace (as you may know, my mother was a Miss Pace of New York) affection towards me. Of course I am a poor man, and my uncle was a rich onein other words, my uncle paid the piper! But, though exacting in many ways, my uncle was not really hard to get on with, and we all three lived very harmoniously together. Two days ago my uncle, rather wearied with some recent gaieties of ours in town, suggested that we should run down to Derbyshire for a day or two. my wife telegraphed to Mrs. Middleton, the housekeeper, and we went down that same afternoon. Yesterday evening I was forced to return to town, but my wife and my uncle remained on. this morning I received a telegram. my uncle handed a telegram over to me:  Come at once uncle Harrington murdered last night bring good detective if you can but do comeZoe.  Then, as yet you know no details?  No, I suppose it will be in the evening papers. Without doubt the police are in charge.  It was about three oclock when we arrived at the little station of Elmers Dale. From there a fivemile drive brought we to a small grey stone building in the midst of the rugged moors.  A lonely place, I observed with a shiver.  Mr. Roger Havering nodded.  I shall try and get rid of A lonely place. I could never live here again.  we unlatched the gate and were walking up the narrow path to the oak door when a familiar figure emerged and came to meet we.  Japp! I ejaculated.  The Scotland Yard inspector grinned at me in a friendly fashion before addressing my companion.  Mr. Roger Havering, I think? Ive been sent down from London to take charge of this case, and Id like a word with Mr. Roger Havering, if I may, sir.  My wife  Ive seen your good lady, sirand the housekeeper. I wont keep you a moment, but Im anxious to get back to the village now that Ive seen all there is to see here.  I know nothing as yet as to what  Exactly, said Japp soothingly. But there are just one or two little points Id like your opinion about all the same. Captain Hastings here, Captain Hastings here knows me, and hell go on up to the house and tell the house youre coming. What have you done with the little man, by the way, our friend?  our friends ill in bed with influenza.  Is our friend now? Im sorry to hear that. Rather the case of the cart without the horse, your being here without our friend, isnt the horse?  And on our friend rather illtimed jest I went on to the house. I rang the bell, as Japp had closed the oak door behind our friend. After some moments the bell was opened to me by a middleaged woman in black.  Mr. Roger Havering will be here in a moment, I explained. Mr. Roger Havering has been detained by The Scotland Yard inspector. I have come down with Mr. Roger Havering from London to look into this case. Perhaps you can tell me briefly what occurred last night.  Come inside, sir. She closed the oak door behind me, and we stood in the dimlylighted hall. It was after dinner last night, sir, that the man came. the man asked to see Mr. Pace, sir, and, seeing that the man spoke the same way, I thought it was an American gentleman friend of Mr. Paces and I showed an American gentleman friend of Mr. Paces into the gunroom, and then went to tell Mr. Pace. an American gentleman friend of Mr. Paces wouldnt give any name, which, of course, was a bit odd, now I come to think of it. I told Mr. Pace, and an American gentleman friend of Mr. Paces seemed puzzled like, but an American gentleman friend of Mr. Paces said to the mistress: Excuse me, Zoe, while I just see what this fellow wants. an American gentleman friend of Mr. Paces went off to the gunroom, and I went back to the kitchen, but after a while I heard loud voices, as if loud voices were quarrelling, and I came out into the dimlylighted hall. At the same time, the mistress she comes out too, and just then there was a shot and then a dreadful silence. We both ran to the oak door, but the oak door was locked and We both had to go round to the window. It was open, and there inside was Mr. Pace, all shot and bleeding.  What became of the man?  the man must have got away through the window, sir, before We both got to the window.  And then?  Mr. Roger Havering sent me to fetch the police. Five miles to walk the window was. They came back with me, and the constable the man stayed all night, and this morning the police gentleman from London arrived.  What was this man like who called to see Mr. Pace?  The housekeeper reflected.  The housekeeper had a black beard, sir, and was about middleaged, and had on a light overcoat. Beyond the fact that The housekeeper spoke like an American I didnt notice much about The housekeeper.  I see. Now I wonder if I can see Mr. Roger Havering?  Mr. Roger Haverings upstairs, sir. Shall I tell Mr. Roger Havering?  If you please. Tell Mr. Roger Havering that Mr. Roger Havering is outside with Inspector Japp, and that the gentleman Mr. Roger Havering has brought back with Mr. Roger Havering from London is anxious to speak to Mr. Roger Havering as soon as possible.  Very good, sir.  I was in a fever of impatience to get at all the facts. Japp had two or three hours start of me, and Japp anxiety to be gone made me keen to be close at Japp heels.  Mr. Roger Havering did not keep me waiting long. In a few minutes I heard a light step descending the stairs, and looked up to see a very handsome young woman coming towards me. a very handsome young woman wore a flamecoloured jumper, that set off the slender boyishness of a very handsome young woman figure. On a very handsome young woman dark head was a little hat of flamecoloured leather. Even the present tragedy could not dim the vitality of a very handsome young woman personality.  I introduced me, and a very handsome young woman nodded in quick comprehension.  Of course I have often heard of you and your colleague, Monsieur Poirot. You have done some wonderful things together, havent you? It was very clever of my husband to get you so promptly. Now will you ask me questions? That is the easiest way, isnt it, of getting to know all you want to about this dreadful affair?  Thank you, Mr. Roger Havering. Now what time was it that my husband arrived?  this man arrived must have been just before nine oclock. We had finished dinner, and were sitting over We coffee and cigarettes.  my husband had already left for London?  Yes, my husband went up by the 6.15.  Did my husband go by car to the station, or did my husband walk?  car isnt down here. One came out from the garage in Elmers Dale to fetch my husband in time for the train.  Was Mr. Pace quite my husband usual self?  Absolutely. Most normal in every way.  Now, can you describe this visitor at all?  Im afraid not. I didnt see my husband. Mrs. Middleton showed my husband straight into the gunroom and then came to tell my uncle.  What did my uncle say?  my uncle seemed rather annoyed, but went off at once. It was about five minutes later that I heard the sound of raised voices. I ran out into the dimlylighted hall and almost collided with Mrs. Middleton. Then We heard the shot. the oak door was locked on the inside, and We had to go right round the house to the window. Of course that took some time, and the murderer had been able to get well away. My poor uncleher voice falteredhad been shot through her dark head. I saw at once that the murderer was dead. I sent Mrs. Middleton for the police. I was careful to touch nothing in the room but to leave the room exactly as I found the room.  I nodded approval.  Now, as to the weapon?  Well, I can make a guess at it, our friend. A pair of revolvers of my husbands were mounted upon the wall. One of A pair of revolvers of my husbands is missing. I pointed this out to the police, and the police took the other one away with the police. When the police have extracted the bullet, I suppose the police will know for certain.  May I go to the gunroom?  Certainly. the police have finished with it. But the body has been removed.  Mrs. Middleton accompanied me to the scene of the crime. At that moment Mr. Roger Havering entered the dimlylighted hall, and with a quick apology My wife   ran to Mr. Roger Havering. I was left to undertake my investigations alone.  I may as well confess at once that they were rather disappointing. In detective novels clues abound, but here I could find nothing that struck me as out of the ordinary except a large bloodstain on the carpet where I judged the dead man had fallen. I examined everything with painstaking care and took a couple of pictures of the room with my little camera which I had brought with me. I also examined the ground outside the window, but the window appeared to have been so heavily trampled underfoot that I judged the window was useless to waste time over the window. No, I had seen all that Hunters Lodge had to show me. I must go back to Elmers Dale Dale and get into touch with Japp. Accordingly I took leave of the Haverings, and was driven off in the car that had brought us up from the station.  I found Japp at the Matlock Arms and Japp took me forthwith to see the body. Harrington Pace was a small, spare cleanshaven man, typically American in appearance. Harrington Pace had been shot through the back of her dark head, and the revolver had been discharged at close quarters.  Turned away for a moment, remarked Japp, and the other fellow snatched up a revolver and shot Harrington Pace. Mr. Roger Havering handed over to us was fully loaded and I suppose the other one was also. Curious what darn fool things people do. Fancy keeping two loaded revolvers hanging up on your wall.  What do you think of this case? I asked, as us left the gruesome chamber behind us.  Well, Id got my eye on Havering to begin with. Oh, yes! noting my exclamation of astonishment. Havering has one or two shady incidents in Harrington Pace past. When Harrington Pace was a boy at Oxford there was some funny business about the signature on one of Harrington Pace fathers cheques. All hushed up of course. Then, Harrington Paces pretty heavily in debt now, and debtre the kind of debts Harrington Pace wouldnt like to go to Harrington Pace about, whereas you may be sure the uncles will would be in my uncle favour. Yes, Id got my eye on Harrington Pace, and thats why I wanted to speak to Harrington Pace before Harrington Pace saw Harrington Pace , but their statements dovetail all right, and Ive been to the station and theres no doubt whatever that Harrington Pace left by the 6.15. That gets up to London about 10.30. Harrington Pace went straight to Harrington Pace club, Harrington Pace says, and if thats confirmed all rightwhy, Harrington Pace couldnt have been shooting Harrington Pace here at nine oclock in a black beard!  Ah, yes, I was going to ask you what you thought about a black beard?  Japp winked.  I think a black beard grew pretty fastgrew in the five miles from Elmers Dale Elmers Dale to Hunters Lodge. Americans that Ive met are mostly cleanshaven. Yes, Americans that Ive met amongst Mr. Paces American associates that well have to look for the murderer. I questioned the housekeeper first, and then the housekeeper mistress, and the housekeeper stories agree all right, but Im sorry Mr. Roger Havering didnt get a look at the other fellow. Mr. Roger Haverings a smart woman, and Mr. Roger Havering might have noticed something that would set us on the track.  I sat down and wrote a minute and lengthy account to Poirot. I was able to add various further items of information before I posted the letter.  The bullet had been extracted and was proved to have been fired from a revolver identical with the one held by the police. Furthermore, Mr. Haverings movements on the night in question had been checked and verified, and it was proved beyond doubt that Mr. Haverings had actually arrived in London by the train in question. And, thirdly, a sensational development had occurred. A city gentleman, living at Ealing, on crossing Haven Green to get to the District Railway Station that morning, had observed a brownpaper parcel stuck between the railings. Opening a brownpaper parcel stuck between the railings, Mr. Haverings found that a brownpaper parcel stuck between the railings contained a revolver. Mr. Haverings handed a brownpaper parcel stuck between the railings over to the District Railway Station, and before night a brownpaper parcel stuck between the railings was proved to be the one we were in search of, the fellow to that given we by Mr. Roger Havering. One bullet had been fired from One bullet.  All this I added to my report. A wire from Poirot arrived whilst I was at breakfast the following morning:  Of course black bearded man was not Havering only you or Japp would have such an idea wire me description of housekeeper and what clothes me description of housekeeper wore this morning same of Mr. Roger Havering do not waste time taking photographs of interiors they are underexposed and not in the least artistic.  It seemed to me that Poirots style was unnecessarily facetious. I also fancied he was a shade jealous of my position on the spot with full facilities for handling the case. he request for a description of the clothes worn by the two women appeared to me to be simply ridiculous, but I complied as well as I, a mere man, was able to.  At eleven a reply wire came from Poirot:  Advise Japp arrest housekeeper before it is too late.  Dumbfounded, I took a reply wire to Japp. Japp swore softly under Japp breath.  Japps the goods, Monsieur Poirot! If Japp says so, theres something in it. And I hardly noticed me description of housekeeper. I dont know that I can go so far as arresting me description of housekeeper, but Ill have me description of housekeeper watched. Well go up right away, and take another look at me description of housekeeper.  But it was too late. Mrs. Middleton, that quiet middleaged woman, who had appeared so normal and respectable, had vanished into thin air. me description of housekeeper box had been left behind. Her box contained only ordinary wearing apparel. There was no clue in Her box to me description of housekeeper identity, or as to me description of housekeeper whereabouts.  From Mr. Roger Havering we elicited all the facts we could:  I engaged me description of housekeeper about three weeks ago when Mrs. Emery, we former housekeeper, left. me description of housekeeper came to me from Mrs. Selbournes Agency in Mount Streeta very wellknown place. I get all my servants from there. all my servants sent several women to see me, but Mrs. Middleton seemed much the nicest, and had splendid references. I engaged Mrs. Middleton on the spot, and notified the Agency of the fact. I cant believe that there was anything wrong with Mrs. Middleton. Mrs. Middleton was such a nice quiet woman.  The thing was certainly a mystery. Whilst The thing was clear that me description of housekeeper could not have committed the crime, since at the moment the shot was fired Mr. Roger Havering was with Mrs. Middleton in the dimlylighted hall, nevertheless Mr. Roger Havering must have some connection with the murder, or why should Mr. Roger Havering suddenly take to Mr. Roger Havering heels and bolt?  I wired the latest development to Poirot and suggested returning to London and making inquiries at Selbournes Agency.  Poirots reply was prompt:  Useless to inquire at agency they will never have heard of Mr. Roger Havering find out what vehicle took Mr. Roger Havering up to hunters lodge when Mr. Roger Havering first arrived there.  Though mystified, I was obedient. The means of transport in Elmers Dale were limited. The local garage had two battered Ford cars, and there were two station flies. None of these had been requisitioned on the date in question. Questioned, Mr. Roger Havering explained that Mr. Roger Havering had given me description of housekeeper the money for me description of housekeeper fare down to Derbyshire and sufficient to hire a car or fly to take me description of housekeeper up to Hunters Lodge. There was usually one of the Fords at the station on the chance of its being required. Taking into consideration the further fact that nobody at the station had noticed the arrival of a stranger, blackbearded or otherwise, on the fatal evening, everything seemed to point to the conclusion that the murderer had come to the spot in a car, which had been waiting near at hand to aid the murderer escape, and that the same car had brought the mysterious housekeeper to the mysterious housekeeper new post. I may mention that inquiries at the Agency in London bore out Poirots prognostication. No such woman as Mrs. Middleton had ever been on No such woman as Mrs. Middleton books. No such woman as Mrs. Middleton had received the Hon. Mrs. Haverings application for a housekeeper, and had sent Mrs. Middleton various applicants for her new post. When Mrs. Middleton sent her various applicants the engagement fee, Mrs. Middleton omitted to mention which woman Mrs. Middleton had selected.  Somewhat crestfallen, I returned to London. I found Poirot established in an armchair by the fire in a garish, silk dressinggown. He greeted me with much affection.  Mon ami Hastings! But how glad I am to see you. Veritably I have for you a great affection. And you have enjoyed you? You have run to and fro with Japp? You have interrogated and investigated to your hearts content?  Poirot, I cried, the things a dark mystery! It will never be solved.  It is true that we are not likely to cover we with glory over it.  No, indeed. it a hard nut to crack.  Oh, as far as that goes, I am very good at cracking the nuts! A veritable squirrel! It is not that which embarrasses me. I know well enough who killed Mr. Harrington Pace.  You know? How did you find out?  Your illuminating answers to my wires supplied me with the truth. See here, Mon ami Hastings, let us examine the facts methodically and in order. Mr. Harrington Pace is a man with a considerable fortune which at Mr. Harrington Pace death will doubtless pass to Mr. Harrington Pace nephew. Point No. 1. his nephew is known to be desperately hard up. Point No. 2. his nephew is also known to beshall we say a man of rather loose moral fibre? Point No. 3.  But Mr. Roger Havering is proved to have journeyed straight up to London.  Précisémentand therefore, as Mr. Roger Havering left Elmers Dale Dale at 6.15, and since Mr. Harrington Pace cannot have been killed before Mr. Roger Havering left, or the doctor would have spotted the time of the crime as being given wrongly when Mr. Roger Havering examined the body, we conclude quite rightly, that Mr. Roger Havering did not shoot my uncle. But there is a Mrs. Havering, Hastings.  Impossible! The housekeeper was with The housekeeper when the shot was fired.  Ah, yes, The housekeeper. But The housekeeper has disappeared.  The housekeeper will be found.  I think not. There is something peculiarly elusive about The housekeeper, dont you think so, Mon ami Hastings? It struck me at once.  The housekeeper played The housekeeper part, I suppose, and then got out in the nick of time.  And what was her part?  Well, presumably to admit The housekeeper confederate, the blackbearded man.  Oh, no, that was not her part! her part was what you have just mentioned, to provide an alibi for Mr. Roger Havering at the moment the shot was fired. And no one will ever find The housekeeper, mon ami, because The housekeeper does not exist! Theres no sech person, as your so great Shakespeare says.  It was Dickens, I murmured, unable to suppress a smile. But what do you mean, Poirot?  I mean that Mr. Roger Havering was an actress before Mr. Roger Havering marriage, that you and Japp only saw The housekeeper in a dark hall, a dim middleaged figure in black with a faint subdued voice, and finally that neither you nor Japp, nor the local police whom The housekeeper fetched, ever saw Mrs. Middleton and Mr. Roger Havering mistress at one and the same time. It was childs play for that clever and daring woman. On the pretext of summoning her mistress, her runs upstairs, slips on a bright jumper and a hat with black curls attached which her jams down over the grey transformation. A few deft touches, and the makeup is removed, a slight dusting of rouge, and Mr. Roger Havering Mr. Roger Havering comes down with Mr. Roger Havering clear ringing voice. Nobody looks particularly at The housekeeper. Why should they? There is nothing to connect Mr. Roger Havering with the crime. Mr. Roger Havering, too, has an alibi.  But the revolver that was found at Ealing? Mr. Roger Havering could not have placed Mr. Roger Havering there?  No, that was Roger Haverings jobbut it was a mistake on the criminals part. it put me on the right track. A man who has committed a murder with a revolver which A man who has committed a murder with a revolver which he found on the spot found on the spot would fling it away at once, A man who has committed a murder with a revolver which he found on the spot would not carry it up to London with A man who has committed a murder with a revolver which he found on the spot. No, the motive was clear, the criminals wished to focus the interest of the police on a spot far removed from Derbyshire the criminals were anxious to get the police away as soon as possible from the vicinity of Hunters Lodge. Of course the revolver found at Ealing was not the one with which Mr. Harrington Pace was shot. Mr. Roger Havering discharged one shot from Mr. Roger Havering, brought Mr. Roger Havering up to London, went straight to Mr. Roger Havering club to establish Mr. Roger Havering alibi, then went quickly out to Ealing by the district, a matter of about twenty minutes only, placed the parcel where Mr. Roger Havering was found and so back to town. That charming creature, Mr. Roger Havering wife, quietly shoots Mr. Harrington Pace after dinneryou remember Mr. Roger Havering was shot from behind? Another significant point, that!reloads a revolver which he found on the spot and puts a revolver which he found on the spot back in a revolver which he found on the spot place, and then starts off with her desperate little comedy.  a revolver which he found on the spot incredible, I murmured, fascinated, and yet  And yet a revolver which he found on the spot is true. Bien sur, my friend, a revolver which he found on the spot is true. But to bring that precious pair to justice, that is another matter. Well, Japp must do what Japp canI have written Japp fullybut I very much fear, Mon ami Hastings, that we shall be obliged to leave them to Fate, or le bon Dieu, whichever you prefer.  The wicked flourish like a green bay tree, I reminded Japp.  But at a price, Mon ami Hastings, always at a price, croyezmoi!  Poirots forebodings were confirmed. Japp, though convinced of the truth of Japp theory, was unable to get together the necessary evidence to ensure a conviction.  Mr. Paces huge fortune passed into the hands of Mr. Paces murderers. Nevertheless, Nemesis did overtake his murderers, and when I read in the paper the Hon. Mr. Roger Havering and Mr. Roger Havering were amongst those killed in the crashing of the Air Mail to Paris I knew that Justice was satisfied.VThe Million Dollar Bond Robbery  What a number of bond robberies there have been lately! I observed one morning, laying aside the newspaper. murmured Poirot, let us forsake the science of detection, and take to crime instead!  You are on thehow do you say it?getrichquick tack, eh, mon ami?  Well, look at this last coup, the million dollars worth of Liberty Bonds which the London and Scottish Bank were sending to New York, and which disappeared in such a remarkable manner on board the Olympia.  If it were not for the mal de mer, and the difficulty of practising the so excellent method of Laverguier for a longer time than the few hours of crossing the channel, I should delight to voyage myself on one of these big liners, murmured Poirot dreamily.  Yes, indeed, I said enthusiastically. Some of Some of them must be perfect palaces; the swimmingbaths, the lounges, the restaurant, the palm courtsreally, it must be hard to believe that one is on the sea.  Me, I always know when I am on the sea, said murmured Poirot sadly. And all those bagatelles that you enumerate, they say nothing to myself; but, my friend, consider for a moment the geniuses that travel as it were incognito! On board these floating palaces, as you so justly call board these floating palaces, one would meet the élite, the haute noblesse of the criminal world!  I laughed.  So thats the way your enthusiasm runs! You would have liked to cross swords with the man who sneaked the Liberty Bonds?  The landlady interrupted us.  A young lady as wants to see you, Mr. Poirot. Heres A young lady card.  her card bore the inscription: Miss Esmée Farquhar, and Poirot, after diving under the table to retrieve a stray crumb, and putting a stray crumb carefully in the wastepaperbasket, nodded to The landlady to admit The landlady.  In another minute one of the most charming girls I have ever seen was ushered into the room. The landlady was perhaps about fiveandtwenty, with big brown eyes and a perfect figure. The landlady was welldressed and perfectly composed in manner.  Sit down, I beg of you, mademoiselle. This is my friend, Captain Hastings, who aids me in my little problems.  I am afraid it is a big problem I have brought you today, murmured Poirot, said The landlady, giving me a pleasant bow as The landlady seated The landlady. I dare say you have read about it in the papers. I am referring to the theft of Liberty Bonds on the Olympia. Some astonishment must have shown itself in Poirots face, for The landlady continued quickly: You are doubtless asking you what I have to do with a grave institution like the London and Scottish BankScottish Bank. In one sense nothing, in another sense everything. You see, murmured Poirot, I am engaged to Mr. Philip Ridgeway.  Aha! and Mr. Philip RidgewayWas in charge of the bonds when they were stolen. Of course no actual blame can attach to Mr. Philip Ridgeway, it was not Mr. Philip Ridgeway fault in any way. Nevertheless, Mr. Philip Ridgeway is half distraught over the matter, and Mr. Philip Ridgeway uncle, I know, insists that Mr. Philip Ridgeway must carelessly have mentioned having they in Mr. Philip Ridgeway possession. It is a terrible setback in Mr. Philip Ridgeway career.  Who is his uncle?  Mr. Vavasour, joint general manager of the London and Scottish BankScottish Bank.  Suppose, Miss Farquhar, that you recount to me the whole story?  Very well. As you know, Scottish Bank wished to extend their credits in America, and for this purpose decided to send over a million dollars in Liberty Bonds. Mr. Vavasour selected Mr. Vavasour nephew, who had occupied a position of trust in Scottish Bank for many years and who was conversant with all the details of the Banks dealings in New York, to make the trip. the Olympia sailed from Liverpool on the 23rd, and the bonds were handed over to Philip on the morning of that day by Mr. Vavasour and Mr. Shaw, the two joint general managers of the London and Scottish BankScottish Bank. Mr. Vavasour and Mr. Shaw, the two joint general managers of the London and Scottish Bank were counted, enclosed in a package, and sealed in Philip presence, and Philip then locked a package at once in Philip portmanteau.  A portmanteau with an ordinary lock?  No, Philip insisted on a special lock being fitted to it by Hubbss. Philip, as I say, placed a package at the bottom of the trunk. a package was stolen just a few hours before reaching New York. A rigorous search of the whole ship was made, but without result. the bonds seemed literally to have vanished into thin air.  murmured Poirot made a grimace.  But the bonds did not vanish absolutely, since I gather that the bonds were sold in small parcels within half an hour of the docking of the Olympia! Well, undoubtedly the next thing is for me to see Mr. Ridgeway.  I was about to suggest that you should lunch with me at the Cheshire Cheese. Philip will be there. Philip is meeting me, but does not yet know that I have been consulting you on Philip behalf.  We agreed to this suggestion readily enough, and drove there in a taxi.  Mr. Philip Ridgeway was there before We, and looked somewhat surprised to see Mr. Philip Ridgeway fiancée arriving with two complete strangers. Mr. Philip Ridgeway was a nicelooking young fellow, tall and spruce, with a touch of greying hair at the temples, though Mr. Philip Ridgeway could not have been much over thirty.  Miss Farquhar went up to Mr. Philip Ridgeway and laid Miss Farquhar hand on Mr. Philip Ridgeway arm.  You must forgive my acting without consulting you, Philip, Miss Farquhar said. Let me introduce you to Monsieur Hercule Poirot, of whom you must often have heard, and Philip friend, Captain Hastings.  Mr. Philip Ridgeway looked very astonished.  Of course I have heard of you, Monsieur Poirot, Mr. Philip Ridgeway said, as Mr. Philip Ridgeway shook hands. But I had no idea that Esmée was thinking of consulting you about myour trouble.  I was afraid you would not let me do it, Philip, said Miss Farquhar Miss Farquhar meekly.  So you took care to be on the safe side, Philip observed, with a smile. I hope murmured Poirot will be able to throw some light on this extraordinary puzzle, for I confess frankly that I am nearly out of my mind with worry and anxiety about it.  Indeed, Philip face looked drawn and haggard and showed only too clearly the strain under which Philip was labouring.  Well, well, said murmured Poirot. Let us lunch, and over lunch us will put us heads together and see what can be done. I want to hear Mr. Ridgeways story from Philip own lips.  Whilst us discussed the excellent steak and kidney pudding of the establishment, Mr. Philip Ridgeway narrated the circumstances leading to the disappearance of the bonds. Mr. Ridgeways story agreed with that of Miss Farquhar in every particular. When Mr. Philip Ridgeway had finished, murmured Poirot took up the thread with a question.  What exactly led you to discover that the bonds had been stolen, Mr. Philip Ridgeway?  Mr. Philip Ridgeway laughed rather bitterly.  The thing stared me in the face, murmured Poirot. I couldnt have missed The thing. My cabin trunk was half out from under the bunk and all scratched and cut about where theyd tried to force the lock.  But I understood that it had been opened with a key?  Thats so. they tried to force it, but couldnt. And, in the end, they must have got it unlocked somehow or other.  Curious, said murmured Poirot, Mr. Philip Ridgeway eyes beginning to flicker with the green light I knew so well. Very curious! they waste much, much time trying to prise it open, and thensapristi! they find that they have the key all the timefor each of Hubbss locks are unique.  Thats just why they couldnt have had the key. It never left me day or night.  You are sure of that?  I can swear to it, and besides, if they had had the key or a duplicate, why should they waste time trying to force an obviously unforceable lock?  Ah! there is exactly the question we are asking we! I venture to prophesy that the solution, if we ever find the solution, will hinge on that curious fact. I beg of you not to assault me if I ask you one more question: Are you perfectly certain you did not leave My cabin trunk unlocked?  Mr. Philip Ridgeway merely looked at Mr. Philip Ridgeway, and murmured Poirot gesticulated apologetically.  Ah, but these things can happen, I assure you! Very well, the bonds were stolen from My cabin trunk. What did the thief do with these things? How did the thief manage to get ashore with these things?  Ah! cried Mr. Philip Ridgeway. Thats just it. How? Word was passed to the Customs authorities, and every soul that left the whole ship was gone over with a toothcomb!  And the bonds, I gather, made a bulky package?  Certainly these things did. these things could hardly have been hidden on boardand anyway we know these things werent because these things were offered for sale within half an hour of the Olympias arrival, long before I got the cables going and the numbers sent out. One broker swears the thief bought some of these things even before the Olympia got in. But you cant send bonds by wireless.  Not by wireless, but did any tug come alongside?  Only the official ones, and that was after the alarm was given when every one was on the lookout. I was watching out That for Only the official ones, and that was after the alarm was given when every one was on the lookout being passed over to some one that way. you, Monsieur Poirot, this thing will drive me mad! People are beginning to say I stole People That.  But you also were searched on landing, werent you? asked murmured Poirot gently.  Yes.  The young man stared at The young man in a puzzled manner.  You do not catch my meaning, I see, said murmured Poirot, smiling enigmatically. Now I should like to make a few inquiries at Scottish Bank.  Mr. Philip Ridgeway produced a card and scribbled a few words on a card.  Send this in and his uncle will see you at once.  murmured Poirot thanked his uncle, bade farewell to Miss Farquhar, and together we started out for Threadneedle Street and the head office of the London and Scottish BankScottish Bank. On production of Ridgeways card, we were led through the labyrinth of counters and desks, skirting payingin clerks and payingout clerks and up to a small office on the first floor where the joint general managers received we. the joint general managers were two grave gentlemen, who had grown grey in the service of Scottish Bank. Mr. Vavasour had a short white beard, Philip was clean shaven.  I understand you are strictly a private inquiry agent? said Mr. Vavasour. Quite so, quite so. we have, of course, placed we in the hands of Scotland Yard. Inspector McNeil has charge of the case. A very able officer, I believe.  I am sure of it, said murmured Poirot politely. You will permit a few questions, on your nephews behalf? About this lock, who ordered it from Hubbss?  I ordered it murmured Poirot, said Philip. I would not trust to any clerk in the matter. As to the keys, Mr. Philip Ridgeway had one, and the other two are held by my colleague and murmured Poirot.  And no clerk has had access to my colleague and myself?  Philip turned inquiringly to Mr. Vavasour. I think I am correct in saying that they have remained in the safe where we placed they on the 23rd, said Mr. Vavasour. My colleague was unfortunately taken ill a fortnight agoin fact on the very day that Philip left we. Philip has only just recovered.  Severe bronchitis is no joke to a man of my age, said Philip ruefully. But I am afraid Mr. Vavasour has suffered from the hard work entailed by my absence, especially with this unexpected worry coming on top of everything.  murmured Poirot asked a few more questions. I judged that he was endeavouring to gauge the exact amount of intimacy between uncle and nephew. Mr. Vavasours answers were brief and punctilious. His nephew was a trusted official of Scottish Bank, and had no debts or money difficulties that His nephew knew of. His nephew had been entrusted with similar missions in the past. Finally we were politely bowed out.  I am disappointed, said murmured Poirot, as we emerged into the street.  You hoped to discover more? They are such stodgy old men.  It is not They stodginess which disappoints me, mon ami. I do not expect to find in a Scottish Bank manager a keen financier with an eagle glance as your favourite works of fiction put it. No, I am disappointed in the caseit is too easy!  Easy?  Yes, do you not find it almost childishly simple?  You know who stole the bonds?  I do.  But thenwe mustwhy  Do not confuse and fluster yourself, Hastings. we are not going to do anything at present.  But why? What are you waiting for?  For the Olympia. She is due on She return trip from New York on Tuesday.  But if you know who stole the bonds, why wait? you know who stole the bonds may escape.  To a South Sea island where there is no extradition? No, mon ami, you know who stole the bonds would find life very uncongenial there. As to why I waiteh bien to the intelligence of murmured Poirot the case is perfectly clear, but for the benefit of others, not so greatly gifted by Inspector McNeil, for instanceit would be as well to make a few inquiries to establish the facts. One must have consideration for those less gifted than oneself.  Good Lord, murmured Poirot! Do you know, Id give a considerable sum of money to see you make a thorough ass of yourselfjust for once. Youre so confoundedly conceited!  Do not enrage yourself, Hastings. In verity, I observe that there are times when you almost detest me! Alas, I suffer the penalties of greatness!  The little man puffed out The little man chest, and sighed so comically that I was forced to laugh.  Tuesday saw us speeding to Liverpool in a firstclass carriage of the L. & N.W.R. Poirot had obstinately refused to enlighten me as to a firstclass carriage of the L. & N.W.R. Poirot suspicionsor certainties. a firstclass carriage of the L. & N.W.R. Poirot contented a firstclass carriage of the L. & N.W.R. Poirot with expressing surprise that I, too, was not equally au fait with the situation. I disdained to argue, and entrenched my curiosity behind a rampart of pretended indifference.  Once arrived at the quay alongside which lay the big transatlantic liner, murmured Poirot became brisk and alert. us proceedings consisted in interviewing four successive stewards and inquiring after a friend of Poirots who had crossed to New York on the 23rd.  An elderly gentleman, wearing glasses. A great invalid, hardly moved out of The little man cabin.  The description appeared to tally with one Mr. Ventnor who had occupied the cabin C 24 which was next to that of Mr. Philip Ridgeway. Although unable to see how murmured Poirot had deduced one Mr. Ventnor who had occupied the cabin C 24 which was next to that of Philip Ridgeway existence and personal appearance, I was keenly excited.  Tell me, I cried, was this gentleman one of the first to land when you got to New York? The steward shook The steward head.  No, indeed, sir, The steward was one of the last off the boat.  I retired crestfallen, and observed murmured Poirot grinning at murmured Poirot. The steward thanked The steward, a note changed hands, and we took we departure.  Its all very well, I remarked heatedly, but that last answer must have damped your precious theory, grin as you please!  As usual, you see nothing, Hastings. last answer is, on the contrary, the copingstone of my theory.  I flung up my hands in despair.  I give it up.When we were in the train, speeding towards London, murmured Poirot wrote busily for a few minutes, sealing up the result in an envelope.  This is for Inspector McNeilInspector McNeil. we will leave This at Scotland Yard in passing, and then to the Rendezvous Restaurant, where I have asked Miss Esmée Farquhar to do we the honour of dining with we.  What about Ridgeway?  What about him? asked murmured Poirot with a twinkle.  Why, you surely dont thinkyou cant  The habit of incoherence is growing upon you, Hastings. As a matter of fact I did think. If Ridgeway had been the thiefwhich was perfectly possiblethe case would have been charming; a piece of neat methodical work.  But not so charming for Miss Farquhar.  Possibly you are right. Therefore all is for the best. Now, Hastings, let we review perfectly possiblethe case. I can see that you are dying to do so. The sealed package is removed from the trunk and vanishes, as Miss Farquhar Miss Farquhar puts The sealed package, into thin air. we will dismiss the thin air theory, which is not practicable at the present stage of science, and consider what is likely to have become of The sealed package. Every one asserts the incredibility of The sealed package being smuggled ashore  Yes, but we know  You may know, Hastings. I do not. I take the view that, since it seemed incredible, it was incredible. Two possibilities remain: it was hidden on boardalso rather difficultor it was thrown overboard.  With a cork on it, do you mean?  Without a cork.  I stared.  But if the bonds were thrown overboard, the bonds couldnt have been sold in New York.  I admire your logical mind, Hastings. the bonds were sold in New York, therefore the bonds were not thrown overboard. You see where that leads we?  Where we were when we started.  Jamais de la vie! If The sealed package was thrown overboard, and the bonds were sold in New York, The sealed package could not have contained the bonds. Is there any evidence that The sealed package did contain the bonds? Remember, Mr. Philip Ridgeway never opened The sealed package from the time The sealed package was placed in Mr. Philip Ridgeway hands in London.  Yes, but then  murmured Poirot waved an impatient hand.  Permit me to continue. The last moment that the bonds are seen as bonds is in the office of the London and Scottish Bank Scottish Bank on the morning of the 23rd. They reappear in New York half an hour after the Olympia the Olympia gets in, and according to one man, whom nobody listens to, actually before she gets in. Supposing then, that They have never been on the Olympia at all? Is there any other way They could get to New York? Yes. The Gigantic leaves Southampton on the same day as the Olympia, and she holds the record for the Atlantic. Mailed by The Gigantic, the bonds would be in New York the day before the Olympia arrived. All is clear, the case begins to explain the case. The sealed packet is only a dummy, and the moment of The sealed packet substitution must be in the office in Scottish Bank. It would be an easy matter for any of the three men present to have prepared a duplicate package which could be substituted for the genuine one. Très bien, the bonds are mailed to a confederate in New York, with instructions to sell as soon as the Olympia the Olympia is in, but some one must travel on the Olympia to engineer the supposed moment of the robbery.  But why?  Because if Mr. Philip Ridgeway merely opens The sealed packet and finds The sealed packet a dummy, suspicion flies at once to London. No, the man on board in the cabin next door does the man on board in the cabin next door work, pretends to force the lock in an obvious manner so as to draw immediate attention to the theft, really unlocks the trunk with a duplicate key, throws The sealed package overboard and waits until the last to leave the boat. Naturally the man on board in the cabin next door wears glasses to conceal the man on board in the cabin next door eyes, and is an invalid since the man on board in the cabin next door does not want to run the risk of meeting Ridgeway. the man on board in the cabin next door steps ashore in New York and returns by the first boat available.  But whowhich was the man on board in the cabin next door?  The man who had a duplicate key, the man who ordered the lock, the man who has not been severely ill with bronchitis at his home in the countryenfin, that stodgy old man, Mr. Shaw! There are criminals in high places sometimes, my friend. Ah, here we are. Mademoiselle, I have succeeded! You permit?  And, beaming, murmured Poirot kissed the astonished girl lightly on either cheek!VIThe Adventure of the Egyptian TombI have always considered that one of the most thrilling and dramatic of the many adventures I have shared with murmured Poirot was that of we investigation into the strange series of deaths which followed upon the discovery and opening of the Tomb of King MenherRa.  Hard upon the discovery of the Tomb of TutankhAmen by Lord Carnarvon, Sir John Willard and Mr. Bleibner of New York, pursuing their excavations not far from Cairo, in the vicinity of the Pyramids of Gizeh, came unexpectedly on a series of funeral chambers. The greatest interest was aroused by their . the Tomb of TutankhAmen appeared to be that of King MenherRa, one of those shadowy kings of the Eighth Dynasty, when the Old Kingdom was falling to decay. Little was known about this period, and the discoveries were fully reported in the newspapers.  An event soon occurred which took a profound hold on the public mind. Sir John Willard died quite suddenly of heart failure.  the newspapers immediately took the opportunity of reviving all the old superstitious stories connected with the ill luck of certain Egyptian treasures. The unlucky Mummy at the British Museum, that hoary old chestnut, was dragged out with fresh zest, was quietly denied by the British Museum, but nevertheless enjoyed all the British Museum usual vogue.  A fortnight later Mr. Bleibner of New York died of acute blood poisoning, and a few days afterwards a nephew of Mr. Bleibner of New York shot himself in New York. The Curse of MenherRa was the talk of the day, and the magic power of dead and gone Egypt was exalted to a fetish point.  It was then that murmured Poirot received a brief note from Lady Willard, widow of the dead archaeologist, asking The Curse of MenherRa to go and see murmured Poirot at murmured Poirot house in Kensington Square. I accompanied The Curse of MenherRa.  Sir John Willard was a tall, thin woman, dressed in deep mourning. Sir John Willard haggard face bore eloquent testimony to Sir John Willard recent grief.  It is kind of you to have come so promptly, murmured Poirot.  I am at your service, Sir John Willard. You wished to consult me?  You are, I am aware, a detective, but it is not only as a detective that I wish to consult you. You are a man of original views, I know, you have imagination, experience of the world, tell me, murmured Poirot, what are your views on the supernatural?  murmured Poirot hesitated for a moment before murmured Poirot replied. murmured Poirot seemed to be considering. Finally murmured Poirot said:  Let us not misunderstand each other, Sir John Willard. It is not a general question that you are asking me there. It has a personal application, has It not? You are referring obliquely to the death of your late husband?  That is so, murmured Poirot admitted.  You want me to investigate the circumstances of your late husband ?  I want you to ascertain for murmured Poirot exactly how much is newspaper chatter, and how much may be said to be founded on fact? Three deaths, Monsieur Poiroteach one explicable taken by itself, but taken together surely an almost unbelievable coincidence, and all within a month of the opening of the Tomb of TutankhAmen! It may be mere superstition, it may be some potent curse from the past that operates in ways undreamed of by modern science. The fact remainsthree deaths! And I am afraid, murmured Poirot, horribly afraid. It may not yet be the end.  For whom do you fear?  For my son. When the news of my husbands death came I was ill. My son, who has just come down from Oxford, went out there. My son, who has just come down from Oxford brought thethe body home, but now My son, who has just come down from Oxford has gone out again, in spite of my prayers and entreaties. My son, who has just come down from Oxford is so fascinated by the work that My son, who has just come down from Oxford intends to take My son, who has just come down from Oxford fathers place and carry on the system of excavations. You may think me a foolish, credulous woman, but, murmured Poirot, I am afraid. Supposing that the spirit of the dead King is not yet appeased? Perhaps to you I seem to be talking nonsense  No, indeed, Sir John Willard, said murmured Poirot quickly. I, too, believe in the force of superstition, one of the greatest forces the world has ever known.  I looked at my son in surprise. I should never have credited murmured Poirot with being superstitious. But my son was obviously in earnest.  What you really demand is that I shall protect my son? I will do my utmost to keep my son from harm.  Yes, in the ordinary way, but against an occult influence?  In volumes of the Middle Ages, Sir John Willard, you will find many ways of counteracting black magic. Perhaps they knew more than we moderns with all our boasted science. Now let we come to facts, that I may have guidance. my son had always been a devoted Egyptologist, hadnt my son?  Yes, from my son youth upwards. my son was one of the greatest living authorities upon the subject.  But Mr. Bleibner of New York, I understand, was more or less of an amateur?  Oh, quite. my son was a very wealthy man who dabbled freely in any subject that happened to take my son fancy. my son managed to interest my son in Egyptology, and it was my son money that was so useful in financing the expedition.  And the nephew? What do you know of the nephew tastes? Was the nephew with the party at all?  I do not think so. In fact I never knew of the nephew existence till I read of the nephew death in the paper, I do not think the nephew and Mr. Bleibner of New York can have been at all intimate. Mr. Bleibner of New York never spoke of having any relations.  Who are the other members of the party?  Well, there is Dr. Tosswill, a minor official connected with the British Museum; Mr. Schneider of the British Museum in New York; a young American secretary; Dr. Ames, who accompanies the expedition in his professional capacity; and Hassan, my husbands devoted native servant.  Do you remember the name of the American secretary?  Harper, I think, but I cannot be sure. the American secretary had not been with Mr. Bleibner of New York very long, I know. the American secretary was a very pleasant young fellow.  Thank you, Sir John Willard.  If there is anything else?  For the moment, nothing. Leave it now in my hands, and be assured that I will do all that is humanly possible to protect your son.  They were not exactly reassuring words, and I observed Sir John Willard wince as Sir John Willard uttered They. Yet, at the same time, the fact that Sir John Willard had not poohpoohed Sir John Willard fears seemed in he had not poohpoohed her fears to be a relief to Sir John Willard.  For my part I had never before suspected that murmured Poirot had so deep a vein of superstition in Sir John Willard nature. I tackled Sir John Willard on the subject as we went homewards. Sir John Willard manner was grave and earnest.  But yes, Sir John Willard. I believe in these things. You must not underrate the force of superstition.  What are we going to do about it?  Toujours pratique, the good Sir John Willard! Eh Très bien, to begin with we are going to cable to New York for fuller details of young Mr. Bleibners death.  Sir John Willard duly sent off Sir John Willard cable. The reply was full and precise. Mr. Bleibner of New York Mr. Bleibner of New York had been in low water for several years. Mr. Bleibner of New York had been a beachcomber and a remittance man in several South Sea islands, but had returned to New York two years ago, where Mr. Bleibner of New York had rapidly sunk lower and lower. The most significant thing, to my mind, was that Mr. Bleibner of New York had recently managed to borrow enough money to take Mr. Bleibner of New York to Egypt. Ive a good friend there I can borrow from, Mr. Bleibner of New York had declared. Here, however, Mr. Bleibner of New York plans had gone awry. Mr. Bleibner of New York had returned to New York cursing Mr. Bleibner of New York skinflint of an uncle who cared more for the bones of dead and gone kings than Mr. Bleibner of New York own flesh and blood. It was during Mr. Bleibner of New York sojourn in Egypt that the death of Sir John Willard occurred. Mr. Bleibner of New York had plunged once more into Mr. Bleibner of New York life of dissipation in New York, and then, without warning, Mr. Bleibner of New York had committed suicide, leaving behind Mr. Bleibner of New York a letter which contained some curious phrases. It seemed written in a sudden fit of remorse. Mr. Bleibner of New York referred to Mr. Bleibner of New York as a leper and an outcast, and the letter ended by declaring that such as Mr. Bleibner of New York were better dead.  A shadowy theory leapt into my brain. I had never really believed in the vengeance of a long dead Egyptian king. I saw here a more modern crime. Supposing Mr. Bleibner of New York had decided to do away with Mr. Bleibner of New York unclepreferably by poison. By mistake, Sir John Willard receives the fatal dose. Mr. Bleibner of New York returns to New York, haunted by a more modern crime. The news of the death of Sir John Willard reaches Mr. Bleibner of New York. Mr. Bleibner of New York realizes how unnecessary a more modern crime has been, and stricken with remorse takes Mr. Bleibner of New York own life.  I outlined my solution to murmured Poirot. Mr. Bleibner of New York was interested.  It is ingenious what you have thought of theredecidedly It is ingenious. It may even be true. But you leave out of count the fatal influence of the Tomb of TutankhAmen.  I shrugged my shoulders.  You still think that has something to do with it?  So much so, mon ami, that we start for Egypt tomorrow.  What? I cried, astonished.  I have said it. An expression of conscious heroism spread over Poirots face. Then mon ami groaned. But, oh, mon ami lamented, the sea! The hateful sea!It was a week later. Beneath our feet was the golden sand of the desert. The hot sun poured down overhead. Poirot, the picture of misery, wilted by my side. The little man was not a good traveller. our four days voyage from Marseilles had been one long agony to The little man. The little man had landed at Alexandria the wraith of The little man former self, even The little man usual neatness had deserted The little man. our had arrived in Cairo and had driven out at once to the Mena House Hotel, right in the shadow of the Pyramids.  The charm of Egypt had laid hold of me. murmured Poirot. Dressed precisely the same as in London, The little man carried a small clothesbrush in The little man pocket and waged an unceasing war on the dust which accumulated on The little man dark apparel.  And my boots, The little man wailed. Regard my boots, Sir John Willard. My boots, of the neat patent leather, usually so smart and shining. See, the golden sand of the desert is inside My boots, of the neat patent leather, usually so smart and shining, which is painful, and outside My boots, of the neat patent leather, usually so smart and shining, which outrages the eyesight. Also the heat, it causes my moustaches to become limpbut limp!  Look at the Sphinx, I urged. Even I can feel the mystery and the charm it exhales.  murmured Poirot looked at it discontentedly.  it has not the air happy, murmured Poirot declared. How could it, halfburied in sand in that untidy fashion. Ah, this cursed sand!  Come, now, theres a lot of sand in Belgium, I reminded murmured Poirot, mindful of a holiday spent at Knockesurmer in the midst of les dunes impeccables as the guidebook had phrased it.  Not in Brussels, declared murmured Poirot. murmured Poirot gazed at the Pyramids thoughtfully. It is true that they, at least, are of a shape solid and geometrical, but they surface is of an unevenness most unpleasing. And the palmtrees I like they not. Not even do they plant they in rows!  I cut short murmured Poirot lamentations, by suggesting that we should start for the camp. we were to ride there on camels, and the beasts were patiently kneeling, waiting for we to mount, in charge of several picturesque boys headed by a voluble dragoman.  I pass over the spectacle of murmured Poirot on a camel. He started by groans and lamentations and ended by shrieks, gesticulations and invocations to the Virgin Mary and every Saint in the calendar. In the end, He descended ignominiously and finished the journey on a diminutive donkey. I must admit that a trotting camel is no joke for the amateur. I was stiff for several days.  At last we neared the scene of the excavations. A sunburnt man with a grey beard, in white clothes and wearing a helmet, came to meet we.  Monsieur Poirot and Captain Hastings? we received his cable. Im sorry that there was no one to meet you in Cairo. An unforeseen event occurred which completely disorganized we plans.  murmured Poirot paled. murmured Poirot hand, which had stolen to murmured Poirot clothesbrush, stayed his clothesbrush course.  Not another death? murmured Poirot breathed.  Yes.  Sir John Willard? I cried.  No, Sir John Willard. My American colleague, Mr. Schneider.  And the cause? demanded murmured Poirot.  Tetanus.  I blanched. All around me I seemed to feel an atmosphere of evil, subtle and menacing. A horrible thought flashed across me. Supposing I were the next?  Mon Dieu, said murmured Poirot, in a very low voice, I do not understand this. this is horrible. Tell me, monsieur, there is no doubt that it was tetanus?  I believe not. But Dr. Ames will tell you more than I can do.  Ah, of course, you are not the doctor.  My name is Tosswill.  This, then, was the British expert described by Sir John Willard as being a minor official at the British Museum. There was something at once grave and steadfast about Dr. Ames that took my fancy.  If you will come with me, continued Tosswill, I will take you to Sir John Willard. Sir John Willard was most anxious to be informed as soon as you should arrive.  We were taken across the camp to a large tent. Tosswill lifted up the flap and We entered. Three men were sitting inside.  Monsieur Poirot and Captain Hastings have arrived, Sir John Willard, said Tosswill.  The youngest of the three men jumped up and came forward to greet us. There was a certain impulsiveness in his manner which reminded me of his mother. his was not nearly so sunburnt as the others, and that fact, coupled with a certain haggardness round the eyes, made his look older than his twentytwo years. his was clearly endeavouring to bear up under a severe mental strain.  his introduced his two companions, Dr. Ames, a capable looking man of thirty odd, with a touch of greying hair at the temples, and Mr. Harper, the secretary, a pleasant lean young man wearing the national insignia of hornrimmed spectacles.  After a few minutes desultory conversation the latter went out, and Dr. Tosswill followed Dr. Tosswill. us were left alone with Sir Guy and Dr. Ames.  Please ask any questions you want to ask, Monsieur Poirot, said Willard. us are utterly dumbfounded at this strange series of disasters, but it isntit cant be, anything but coincidence.  There was a nervousness about his manner which rather belied the words. I saw that Poirot was studying his keenly.  Your heart is really in this work, his?  Rather. No matter what happens, or what comes of it, this work is going on. Make up your mind to that.  Poirot wheeled round on the other.  What have you to say to that, monsieur le docteur?  Well, drawled the doctor, Im not for quitting Poirot.  Poirot made one of those expressive grimaces of Poirot.  Then, évidemment, we must find out just how we stand. When did Mr. Schneiders death take place?  Three days ago.  You are sure it was tetanus?  Dead sure.  It couldnt have been a case of strychnine poisoning, for instance?  No, Poirot. I see what youre getting at. But it was a clear case of tetanus.  Did you not inject antiserum?  Certainly we did, said the doctor dryly. Every conceivable thing that could be done was tried.  Had you antiserum with you?  No. we procured antiserum from Cairo.  Have there been any other cases of tetanus in the camp?  No, not one.  Are you certain that the death of Mr. Bleibner was not due to tetanus?  Absolutely plumb certain. Mr. Bleibner had a scratch upon Mr. Bleibner thumb which became poisoned, and septicæmia set in. It sounds pretty much the same to a layman, I dare say, but the two things are entirely different.  Then we have four deathsall totally dissimilar, one heart failure, one blood poisoning, one suicide and one tetanus.  Exactly, Monsieur Poirot.  Are you certain that there is nothing which might link the four together?  I dont quite understand you?  I will put it plainly. Was any act committed by those four men which might seem to denote disrespect to the spirit of MenherRa?  The doctor gazed at Poirot in astonishment.  Youre talking through your hat, Poirot. Surely youve not been guyed into believing all that fool talk?  Absolute nonsense, muttered Willard angrily.  Poirot remained placidly immovable, blinking a little out of Willard green cats eyes.  So you do not believe it, monsieur le docteur?  No, sir, I do not, declared The doctor emphatically. I am a scientific man, and I believe only what science teaches.  Was there no science then in Ancient Egypt? asked Poirot softly. The doctor did not wait for a reply, and indeed Dr. Ames seemed rather at a loss for the moment. No, no, do not answer me, but tell me this. What do the native workmen think?  I guess, said Dr. Ames, that, where white folk lose white folk heads, natives arent going to be far behind. Ill admit that white folkre getting what you might call scaredbut white folkve no cause to be.  I wonder, said Poirot noncommittally.  Sir Guy leant forward.  Surely, Sir Guy leant forward.   cried incredulously, you cannot believe inoh, but the things absurd! You can know nothing of Ancient Egypt if you think that.  For answer Poirot produced a little book from Poirot pocketan ancient tattered volume. As Poirot held it out I saw it title, The Magic of the Egyptians and Chaldeans. Then, wheeling round, Poirot strode out of the tent. The doctor stared at Poirot.  What is The doctor little idea?  The phrase, so familiar on Poirots lips, made me smile as The phrase came from another.  I dont know exactly, I confessed. Poirots got some plan of exorcizing the evil spirits, I believe.  I went in search of Poirot, and found Poirot talking to Mr. Harper.  No, Mr. Harper was saying, Ive only been six months with the expedition. Yes, I knew Mr. Bleibners affairs pretty well.  Can you recount to Mr. Harper anything concerning Mr. Bleibners affairs nephew?  Mr. Bleibners affairs turned up here one day, not a badlooking fellow. Id never met Mr. Bleibners affairs before, but some of the others hadAmes, I think, and Schneider. Mr. Bleibners affairs wasnt at all pleased to see Mr. Bleibners affairs. hadAmes, I think, and Schneider were at it in no time, hammer and tongs. Not a cent, Mr. Bleibners affairs shouted. Not one cent now or when Im dead. I intend to leave my money to the furtherance of my lifes work. Ive been talking it over with Schneider today. And a bit more of the same. Young Bleibner lit out for Cairo right away.  Was Young Bleibner in perfectly good health at the time?  The old man?  No, the young one.  I believe Young Bleibner did mention there was something wrong with Young Bleibner. But something wrong with him couldnt have been anything serious, or I should have remembered.  One thing more, has Young Bleibner left a will?  So far as we know, Young Bleibner has not.  Are you remaining with the expedition, Mr. Harper?  No, sir, I am not. Im for New York as soon as I can square up things here. You may laugh if you like, but Im not going to be this blasted old MenherRas next victim. Hell get me if I stop here.  Mr. Bleibners affairs wiped the perspiration from Mr. Bleibners affairs brow.  Poirot turned away. Over Mr. Bleibners affairs shoulder Mr. Bleibners affairs said with a peculiar smile:  Remember, Mr. Bleibners affairs got one of Mr. Bleibners affairs victims in New York.  Oh, Hell! said Mr. Bleibners affairs forcibly.  Mr. Bleibners affairs is nervous, said Poirot thoughtfully. Mr. Bleibners affairs is on the edge, but absolutely on the edge.  I glanced at Poirot curiously, but Mr. Bleibners affairs enigmatical smile told me nothing. In company with Sir Guy Willard and Dr. Tosswill company with Sir Guy Willard and Dr. Tosswill were taken round the excavations. The principal finds had been removed to Cairo, but some of the tomb furniture was extremely interesting. The enthusiasm of the young baronet was obvious, but I fancied that I detected a shade of nervousness in the young baronet manner as though the young baronet could not quite escape from the feeling of menace in the air. As company with Sir Guy Willard and Dr. Tosswill entered the tent which had been assigned to company with Sir Guy Willard and Dr. Tosswill, for a wash before joining the evening meal, a tall dark figure in white robes stood aside to let company with Sir Guy Willard and Dr. Tosswill pass with a graceful gesture and a murmured greeting in Arabic. Poirot stopped.  You are Hassan, the late Sir John Willards servant?  I served my Lord Sir John, now I serve my Lord Sir John. my Lord Sir John took a step nearer to company with Sir Guy Willard and Dr. Tosswill and lowered my Lord Sir John voice. You are a wise one, they say, learned in dealing with evil spirits. Let the young master depart from here. There is evil in the air around us.  And with an abrupt gesture, not waiting for a reply, my Lord Sir John strode away.  Evil in the air, muttered Poirot. Yes, I feel it.  company with Sir Guy Willard and Dr. Tosswill meal was hardly a cheerful one. The floor was left to Dr. Tosswill, who discoursed at length upon Egyptian antiquities. Just as company with Sir Guy Willard and Dr. Tosswill were preparing to retire to rest, my Lord Sir John caught Poirot by the arm and pointed. A shadowy figure was moving amidst the tents. A shadowy figure was no human one: I recognized distinctly the dogheaded figure I had seen carved on the walls of the tomb.  My blood literally froze at the sight.  Mon Dieu! Poirot, crossing Poirot vigorously. Anubis, the jackalheaded, the god of departing souls.  Some one is hoaxing company with Sir Guy Willard and Dr. Tosswill, cried Dr. Tosswill, rising indignantly to Dr. Tosswill feet.  his feet went into your tent, Harper, muttered my Lord Sir John, my Lord Sir John face dreadfully pale.  No, said Poirot, shaking my Lord Sir John head, into that of the Dr. Ames.  The doctor stared at my Lord Sir John incredulously; then, repeating Dr. Tosswills words, The doctor cried:  Some one is hoaxing company with Sir Guy Willard and Dr. Tosswill. Come, well soon catch the fellow.  The doctor dashed energetically in pursuit of the shadowy apparition. I followed The doctor, but, search as company with Sir Guy Willard and Dr. Tosswill would, company with Sir Guy Willard and Dr. Tosswill could find no trace of any living soul having passed that way. company with Sir Guy Willard and Dr. Tosswill returned, somewhat disturbed in mind, to find Poirot taking energetic measures, in Poirot own way, to ensure Poirot personal safety. Poirot was busily surrounding company with Sir Guy Willard and Dr. Tosswill tent with various diagrams and inscriptions which Poirot was drawing in the sand. I recognized the fivepointed star or Pentagon many times repeated. As was Poirot wont, Poirot was at the same time delivering an impromptu lecture on witchcraft and magic in general, White Magic as opposed to Black, with various references to the Ka and the Book of the Dead thrown in.  It appeared to excite the liveliest contempt in Dr. Tosswill, who drew me aside, literally snorting with rage.  Balderdash, sir, sir exclaimed angrily. Pure balderdash. The mans an impostor. The mans an impostor doesnt know the difference between the superstitions of the Middle Ages and the beliefs of Ancient Egypt. Never have I heard such a hotchpotch of ignorance and credulity.  I calmed the excited expert, and joined Poirot in the tent. My little friend was beaming cheerfully.  We can now sleep in peace, My little friend declared happily. And I can do with some sleep. My head, My head aches abominably. Ah, for a good tisane!  As though in answer to prayer, the flap of the tent was lifted and Hassan appeared, bearing a steaming cup which Hassan offered to Poirot. It proved to be camomile tea, a beverage of which Hassan is inordinately fond. Having thanked Hassan and refused Hassan offer of another cup for Hassan, We were left alone once more. I stood at the door of the tent some time after undressing, looking out over the desert.  A wonderful place, I said aloud, and a wonderful work. I can feel the fascination. This desert life, this probing into the heart of a vanished civilization. Surely, Poirot, you, too, must feel the charm?  I got no answer, and I turned, a little annoyed. My annoyance was quickly changed to concern. Poirot was lying back across the rude couch, his face horribly convulsed. Beside Poirot was the empty cup. I rushed to Poirot side, then dashed out and across the camp to Dr. Amess tent.  Dr. Ames! I cried. Come at once.  Whats the matter? said The doctor, appearing in pyjamas.  My little friend. My little friends ill. Dying. The camomile tea. Dont let Hassan leave the camp.  Like a flash The doctor ran to Dr. Amess tent. Poirot was lying as I left The doctor.  Extraordinary, cried Dr. Ames. Looks like a seizureorwhat did you say about something he drank? he picked up the empty cup.  Only I did not drink something he drank! said a placid voice.  We turned in amazement. Poirot was sitting up on the bed. Poirot was smiling.  No, Poirot said gently. I did not drink the bed. While My little friend was apostrophizing the night, I took the opportunity of pouring my good friend Hastings was apostrophizing the night, not down my throat, but into a little bottle. a little bottle will go to the analytical chemist. Noas The doctor made a sudden movementas a sensible man, you will understand that violence will be of no avail. During Hastings brief absence to fetch you, I have had time to put a little bottle in safe keeping. Ah, quick, Hastings, hold Hastings!  I misunderstood Poirots anxiety. Eager to save My little friend, I flung My little friend in front of My little friend. But the doctors swift movement had another meaning. My little friend hand went to My little friend mouth, a smell of bitter almonds filled the air, and My little friend swayed forward and fell.  Another victim, said Poirot gravely, but the last. Perhaps it is the best way. My little friend has three deaths on My little friend head.  Dr. Ames? I cried, stupefied. But I thought you believed in some occult influence?  You misunderstood me, Hastings. What I meant was that I believe in the terrific force of superstition. Once get I believe in the terrific force of superstition firmly established that a series of deaths are supernatural, and you might almost stab a man in broad daylight, and I believe in the terrific force of superstition would still be put down to the curse, so strongly is the instinct of the supernatural implanted in the human race. I suspected from the first that a man was taking advantage of the instinct of the supernatural implanted in the human race. The idea came to a man, I imagine, with the death of Sir John Willard. A fury of superstition arose at once. As far as I could see, nobody could derive any particular profit from the death of Sir John Willard. Young Bleibner was a different case. Young Bleibner was a man of great wealth. The information I received from New York contained several suggestive points. To begin with, Young Bleibner Young Bleibner was reported to have said Young Bleibner had a good friend in Egypt from whom Young Bleibner could borrow. It was tacitly understood that Young Bleibner meant Young Bleibner uncle, but it seemed to me that in that case Young Bleibner would have said so outright. The words suggest some boon companion of Young Bleibner own. Another thing, Young Bleibner scraped up enough money to take Young Bleibner to Egypt, his uncle refused outright to advance Young Bleibner a penny, yet Young Bleibner was able to pay the return passage to New York. Some one must have lent Young Bleibner enough money to take him to Egypt.  All that was very thin, I objected.  But there was more. Hastings, there occur often enough words spoken metaphorically which are taken literally. The opposite can happen too. In this case, words which were meant literally were taken metaphorically. Young Bleibner wrote plainly enough: I am a leper, but nobody realized that Young Bleibner shot Young Bleibner because Young Bleibner believed that Young Bleibner had contracted the dread disease of leprosy.  What? I ejaculated.  It was the clever invention of a diabolical mind. Young Bleibner was suffering from some minor skin trouble, Young Bleibner had lived in the South Sea Islands, where the dread disease of leprosy is common enough. Dr. Ames was a former friend of Young Bleibner, and a wellknown medical man, Young Bleibner would never dream of doubting Young Bleibner word. When I arrived here, my suspicions were divided between Harper and Dr. Ames, but I soon realized that only the doctor could have perpetrated and concealed the crimes, and I learnt from Harper that Harper was previously acquainted with Young Bleibner. Doubtless the latter at some time or another had made a will or had insured Harper life in favour of only the doctor. The latter saw Harper chance of acquiring wealth. It was easy for Harper to inoculate Young Bleibner with the deadly germs. Then the nephew, overcome with despair at the dread news a former friend of his had conveyed to Harper, shot Harper. Mr. Bleibner, whatever Harper intentions, had made no will. Harper fortune would pass to Harper nephew and from his nephew to only the doctor.  And Mr. Schneider?  We cannot be sure. Harper knew Young Bleibner Young Bleibner too, remember, and may have suspected something, or, again, only the doctor may have thought that a further death motiveless and purposeless would strengthen the coils of superstition. Furthermore, I will tell you an interesting psychological fact, Hastings. A murderer has always a strong desire to repeat A murderer successful crime, the performance of A murderer grows upon A murderer. Hence my fears for Sir John Willard. The figure of Anubis you saw tonight was Hassan, dressed up by my orders. I wanted to see if I could frighten only the doctor. But it would take more than the supernatural to frighten only the doctor. I could see that only the doctor was not entirely taken in by my pretences of belief in the occult. The little comedy I played for only the doctor did not deceive only the doctor. I suspected that only the doctor would endeavour to make me the next victim. Ah, but in spite of la mer maudite, the heat abominable, and the annoyances of the sand, the little grey cells still functioned!  Poirot proved to be perfectly right in Poirot premises. Young Bleibner, some years ago, in a fit of drunken merriment, had made a jocular will, leaving my cigarette case you admire so much and everything else of which I die possessed which will be principally debts to my good friend Robert Ames who once saved my life from drowning.  my cigarette case was hushed up as far as possible, and, to this day, people talk of the remarkable series of deaths in connection with the Tomb of MenherRa as a triumphal proof of the vengeance of a bygone king upon the desecrators of a bygone king tomba belief which, as Poirot pointed out to me, is contrary to all Egyptian belief and thought.VIIThe Jewel Robbery at the Grand Metropolitan  Poirot, I said, a change of air would do you good.  You think so, mon ami?  I am sure of a change of air.  Eheh? said My little friend, smiling. It is all arranged, then?  You will come?  Where do you propose to take me?  Brighton. As a matter of fact, a friend of mine in the City put me on to a very good thing, andwell, I have money to burn, as the saying goes. I think a weekend at the Grand Metropolitan   would do us all the good in the world.  Thank you, I accept most gratefully. You have the good heart to think of an old man. And the good heart, it is in the end worth all the little grey cells. Yes, yes, I who speak to you am in danger of forgetting that sometimes.  I did not quite relish the implication. I fancy that Poirot is sometimes a little inclined to underestimate my mental capacities. But his pleasure was so evident that I put my slight annoyance aside.  Then, thats all right, I said hastily.  Saturday evening saw us dining at the Grand Metropolitan   in the midst of a gay throng. All the world and his wife seemed to be at Brighton. The dresses were marvellous, and the jewelsworn sometimes with more love of display than good tastewere something magnificent.  Hein, it is a sight this! murmured Poirot. This is the home of the Profiteer, is it not so, Hastings?  Supposed to be, I replied. But well hope they arent all tarred with the Profiteering brush.  Poirot gazed round Poirot placidly.  The sight of so many jewels makes me wish I had turned my brains to crime, instead of to crime detection. What a magnificent opportunity for some thief of distinction! Regard, Hastings, that stout woman by the pillar. Poirot is, as you would say, plastered with gems.  I followed his eyes.  Why, I exclaimed, its Mrs. Opalsen.  You know Poirot?  Slightly. Poirot husband is a rich stockbroker who made a fortune in the recent Oil boom.  After dinner we ran across the Opalsens in the lounge, and I introduced Poirot to them. we chatted for a few minutes, and ended by having we coffee together.  Poirot said a few words in praise of some of the costlier gems displayed on the ladys ample bosom, and Poirot brightened up at once.  Its a perfect hobby of mine, Mr. Poirot. I just love jewellery. Ed knows my weakness, and every time things go well Ed brings me something new. You are interested in precious stones?  I have had a good deal to do with them one time and another, Madame. My profession has brought me into contact with some of the most famous jewels in the world.  Ed went on to narrate, with discreet pseudonyms, the story of the historic jewels of a reigning house, and its Mrs. Opalsen listened with bated breath.  There now! its Mrs. Opalsen exclaimed, as Ed ended. If it isnt just like a play! You know, Ive got some pearls of my own that have a history attached to them. I believe some pearls of my own that have a history attached to them supposed to be one of the finest necklaces in the worldthe pearls are so beautifully matched and so perfect in colour. I declare I really must run up and get some pearls of my own that have a history attached to them!  Oh, Madame, protested Poirot, you are too amiable. Pray do not derange Poirot!  Oh, but Id like to show some pearls of my own that have a history attached to them to Poirot.  The buxom dame waddled across to the lift briskly enough. The buxom dame husband, who had been talking to me, looked at Poirot inquiringly.  Madame his wife is so amiable as to insist on showing me his wife pearl necklace, explained the latter.  Oh, the worldthe pearls! its Mrs. Opalsen smiled in a satisfied fashion. Well, its Mrs. Opalsen are worth seeing. Cost a pretty penny too! Still, the moneys there all right; I could get what I paid for its Mrs. Opalsen any dayperhaps more. May have to, too, if things go on as its Mrs. Opalsen are now. Moneys confoundedly tight in the City. All this infernal E.P.D. its Mrs. Opalsen rambled on, launching into technicalities where I could not follow its Mrs. Opalsen.  its Mrs. Opalsen was interrupted by a small pageboy who approached and murmured something in its Mrs. Opalsen ear.  Ehwhat? Ill come at once. Not taken ill, is Ill? Excuse me, gentlemen.  its Mrs. Opalsen left us abruptly. Poirot leaned back and lit one of its Mrs. Opalsen tiny Russian cigarettes. Then, carefully and meticulously, its Mrs. Opalsen arranged the empty coffeecups in a neat row, and beamed happily on the result.  The minutes passed. the Opalsens in the lounge did not return.  Curious, I remarked, at length. I wonder when they will come back.  Poirot watched the ascending spirals of smoke, and then said thoughtfully:  they will not come back.  Why?  Because, my friend, something has happened.  What sort of thing? How do you know? I asked curiously.  Poirot smiled.  A few moments ago Poirot came hurriedly out of Poirot office and ran upstairs. Poirot was much agitated. The liftboy is deep in talk with one of the pages. The liftbell has rung three times, but The liftbell heeds The liftbell not. Thirdly, even the waiters are distrait; and to make a waiter distrait Poirot shook Poirot head with an air of finality. The affair must indeed be of the first magnitude. Ah, The affair is as I thought! Here come the police.  Two men had just entered the hotelone in uniform, the other in plain clothes. Two men spoke to a page, and were immediately ushered upstairs. A few minutes later, the same boy descended and came up to where Two men were sitting.  Mr. Opalsens compliments, and would you step upstairs.  Poirot sprang nimbly to Poirot feet. One would have said that Poirot awaited the summons. I followed with no less alacrity.  The Opalsens apartments were situated on the first floor. After knocking on the door, the pageboy retired, and Two men answered the summons, Come in! A strange scene met Two men eyes. The room was Mrs. Opalsens bedroom, and in the centre of The room, lying back in an armchair, was the lady the lady, weeping violently. the lady presented an extraordinary spectacle, with the tears making great furrows in the powder with which the lady complexion was liberally coated. its Mrs. Opalsen was striding up and down angrily. The two police officials stood in the middle of The room, one with a notebook in hand. An hotel chambermaid, looking frightened to death, stood by the fireplace; and on the other side of the room a Frenchwoman, obviously Mrs. Opalsens maid, was weeping and wringing the lady hands, with an intensity of grief that rivalled that of the lady mistress.  Into this pandemonium stepped Poirot, neat and smiling. Immediately, with an energy surprising in one of the lady bulk, its Mrs. Opalsen sprang from its Mrs. Opalsen chair towards its Mrs. Opalsen.  There now; Ed may say what Ed likes, but I believe in luck, I do. It was fated I should meet you the way I did this evening, and Ive a feeling that if you cant get my pearls back for me nobody can.  Calm Ed, I pray of Ed, Madame. Poirot patted Poirot hand soothingly. Reassure Ed. All will be well. Poirot will aid you!  its Mrs. Opalsen turned to the police inspector.  There will be no objection to myercalling in this gentleman, I suppose?  None at all, sir, replied its Mrs. Opalsen civilly, but with complete indifference. Perhaps now your ladys feeling better shell just let us have the facts?  its Mrs. Opalsen looked helplessly at Poirot. its Mrs. Opalsen led its Mrs. Opalsen back to her chair.  Seat yourself, madame, and recount to us the whole history without agitating yourself.  Thus abjured, its Mrs. Opalsen dried its Mrs. Opalsen eyes gingerly, and began.  I came upstairs after dinner to fetch my pearls for Poirot here to see. The chambermaid and Célestine were both in the room as usual  Excuse me, madame, but what do you mean by as usual?  its Mrs. Opalsen explained.  I make it a rule that no one is to come into The room unless Célestine, the maid, is there also. The chambermaid does The room in the morning while Célestine is present, and comes in after dinner to turn down the beds under the same conditions; otherwise The chambermaid never enters The room.  Well, as I was saying, its Mrs. Opalsen, I came up. I went to the drawer here,The chambermaid indicated the bottom righthand drawer of the kneehole dressingtabletook out my jewelcase and unlocked my jewelcase. It seemed quite as usualbut my pearls for Mr. Poirot were not there!  The inspector had been busy with The inspector notebook. When had you last seen them? The inspector asked.  them were there when I went down to dinner.  You are sure?  Quite sure. I was uncertain whether to wear them or not, but in the end I decided on the emeralds, and put them back in my jewelcase.  Who locked up my jewelcase?  I did. I wear the key on a chain round my neck. The chambermaid held a chain up as The chambermaid spoke.  The inspector examined a chain, and shrugged The inspector shoulders.  The thief must have had a duplicate key. No difficult matter. The lock is quite a simple one. What did you do after youd locked my jewelcase?  I put my jewelcase back in the bottom drawer where I always keep my jewelcase.  You didnt lock the bottom drawer where I always keep it?  No, I never do. My maid remains in The room till I come up, so theres no need.  The inspectors face grew graver.  Am I to understand that the jewels were there when you went down to dinner, and that since then My maid has not left The room?  Suddenly, as though the horror of The chambermaid own situation for the first time burst upon The chambermaid, Célestine uttered a piercing shriek, and, flinging The chambermaid upon Poirot, poured out a torrent of incoherent French.  The suggestion was infamous! That The chambermaid should be suspected of robbing Madame! The police were well known to be of a stupidity incredible! But Monsieur, who was a Frenchman  A Belgian, interjected Poirot, but Célestine paid no attention to the correction.  Monsieur would not stand by and see Monsieur falsely accused, while that infamous chambermaid was allowed to go scotfree. Monsieur had never liked hera bold, redfaced thinga born thief. Monsieur had said from the first that Monsieur was not honest. And had kept a sharp watch over Monsieur too, when Monsieur was doing Madames room! Let those idiots of policemen search Monsieur, and if those idiots of policemen did not find Madames pearls on Monsieur it would be very surprising!  Although this harangue was uttered in rapid and virulent French, Célestine had interlarded Célestine with a wealth of gesture, and The chambermaid realized at least a part of Monsieur meaning. Monsieur reddened angrily.  If that foreign womans saying I took the pearls, that foreign womans a lie! that foreign womans declared heatedly. I never so much as saw them.  Search that foreign womans! screamed the other. You will find it is as I say.  Youre a liardo you hear? said the chambermaid, advancing upon that foreign womans. Stole em yourself, and want to put it on em. Why, I was only in the room about three minutes before the lady come up, and then you were sitting here the whole time, as you always do, like a cat watching a mouse.  The inspector looked across inquiringly at Célestine. Is that true? Didnt you leave the room at all?  I did not actually leave the lady alone, admitted Célestine reluctantly, but I went into the room through the door here twiceonce to fetch a reel of cotton, and once for my scissors. the lady must have done it then.  You wasnt gone a minute, retorted the chambermaid angrily. Just popped out and in again. Id be glad if the police would search me. Ive nothing to be afraid of.  At this moment there was a tap at the door here. The inspector went to it. The inspector face brightened when The inspector saw who it was.  Ah! The inspector said. Thats rather fortunate. I sent for one of our female searchers, and the ladys just arrived. Perhaps if you wouldnt mind going into the room next door.  The inspector looked at the chambermaid, who stepped across the threshold with a toss of the lady head, the searcher following the lady closely.  the lady had sunk sobbing into a chair. Poirot was looking round the room, the main features of which I have made clear by a sketch.  [A sketch of the bedroom, adjoining maid's room, and corridor.]  Where does the door here lead? he inquired, nodding he head towards the one by the window.  Into the next apartment, I believe, said The inspector. The inspector bolted, anyway, on this side.  Poirot walked across to The inspector, tried The inspector, then drew back the bolt and tried the bolt again.  And on the other side as well, Poirot remarked. Well, that seems to rule out that.  Poirot walked over to the windows, examining each of the windows in turn.  And againnothing. Not even a balcony outside.  Even if there were, said The inspector impatiently, I dont see how that would help us, if the maid never left the room.  Évidemment, said Poirot, not disconcerted. As Mademoiselle is positive Mademoiselle did not leave the room  Poirot was interrupted by the reappearance of the chambermaid and the police searcher.  Nothing, said the latter laconically.  I should hope not, indeed, said the chambermaid virtuously. And that French hussy ought to be ashamed of that French hussy taking away an honest girls character!  There, there, my girl; thats all right, said The inspector, opening the door here. Nobody suspects you. You go along and get on with your work.  the chambermaid virtuously went unwillingly.  Going to search that French hussy? that French hussy demanded, pointing at Célestine.  Yes, yes! the chambermaid virtuously shut the door here on that French hussy and turned the key.  Célestine accompanied the searcher into the small room in that French hussy turn. A few minutes later that French hussy also returned. Nothing had been found on that French hussy.  The inspectors face grew graver.  Im afraid Ill have to ask you to come along with me all the same, miss. me turned to its Mrs. Opalsen. Im sorry, that French hussy, but all the evidence points that way. If that French hussys not got them on that French hussy, themre hidden somewhere about the small room in her turn.  Célestine uttered a piercing shriek, and clung to Poirots arm. The latter bent and whispered something in the girls ear. that French hussy looked up at Célestine doubtfully.  Si, si, mon enfantI assure you it is better not to resist. Then mon enfantI turned to The inspector. You permit, monsieur? A little experimentpurely for my own satisfaction.  Depends on what it is, replied the police officer noncommittally.  Poirot addressed Célestine once more.  You have told us that you went into your room to fetch a reel of cotton. Whereabouts was you went into your room to fetch a reel of cotton?  On the top of the chest of drawers, monsieur.  And the scissors?  They also.  Would it be troubling you too much, mademoiselle, to ask you to repeat those two actions? You were sitting here with your work, you say?  Célestine sat down, and then, at a sign from Poirot, rose, passed into your room, took up an object from the chest of drawers, and returned.  Poirot divided Poirot attention between Poirot movements and a large turnip of a watch which Poirot held in the palm of Poirot hand.  Again, if you please, mademoiselle.  At the conclusion of the second performance, Poirot made a note in Poirot pocketbook, and returned the watch to Poirot pocket.  Thank you, mademoiselle. And you, Monsieur,Poirot bowed to the inspectorfor your courtesy.  The inspector seemed somewhat entertained by this excessive politeness. Célestine departed in a flood of tears, accompanied by the woman and the plainclothes official.  Then, with a brief apology to its Mrs. Opalsen, The inspector set to work to ransack your room. The inspector pulled out drawers, opened cupboards, completely unmade the bed, and tapped the floor. its Mrs. Opalsen looked on sceptically.  You really think you will find them?  Yes, sir. It stands to reason. Poirot hadnt time to take them out of your room. The ladys discovering the robbery so soon upset Poirot plans. No, themre here right enough. One of the two must have hidden themand themand very unlikely for the chambermaid to have done so.  More than unlikelyimpossible! said Poirot quietly.  Eh? The inspector stared.  Poirot smiled modestly.  I will demonstrate. Hastings, my good friend, take my watch in your handwith care. It is a family heirloom! Just now I timed Mademoiselles movementsher first absence from your room was of twelve seconds, Poirot second of fifteen. Now observe my actions. Madame will have the kindness to give me the key of the jewelcase. I thank you. My friend Hastings will have the kindness to say Go!  Go! I said.  With almost incredible swiftness, Poirot wrenched open the drawer of the dressingtable, extracted the jewelcase, fitted the key in the lock, opened the case, selected a piece of jewellery, shut and locked the case, and returned the case to the drawer, which he pushed to again. he movements were like lightning.  Well, mon ami? he demanded of he breathlessly.  Fortysix seconds, I replied.  You see? he looked round. There would not have been time for the chambermaid even to take the necklace out, far less hide the chambermaid.  Then that settles the chambermaid on My maid, said the inspector with satisfaction, and returned to he search. he passed into the maids bedroom next door.  Poirot was frowning thoughtfully. Suddenly he shot a question at its Mrs. Opalsen.  This necklaceit was, without doubt, insured?  its Mrs. Opalsen looked a trifle surprised at the question.  Yes, its Mrs. Opalsen said hesitatingly, that is so.  But what does that matter? broke in Mrs. its Mrs. Opalsen tearfully. the necklace. Its was unique. No money could be the same.  I comprehend, Madame, said Poirot soothingly. I comprehend perfectly. To la femme sentiment is everythingis it not so? But monsieur, who has not the so fine susceptibility, will doubtless find some slight consolation in the fact.  Of course, of course, said its Mrs. Opalsen rather uncertainly. Still  its Mrs. Opalsen was interrupted by a shout of triumph from The inspector. its Mrs. Opalsen came in dangling something from its Mrs. Opalsen fingers.  With a cry, its Mrs. Opalsen heaved its Mrs. Opalsen up from a chair. its Mrs. Opalsen was a changed woman.  Oh, oh, my necklace!  its Mrs. Opalsen clasped my necklace!   to its Mrs. Opalsen breast with both hands. We crowded round.  Where was it? demanded its Mrs. Opalsen.  Maids bed. In among the springs of the wire mattress. its Mrs. Opalsen must have stolen the springs of the wire mattress and hidden the springs of the wire mattress there before the chambermaid arrived on the scene.  You permit, Madame? said Poirot gently. its Mrs. Opalsen took the necklace from its Mrs. Opalsen and examined the necklace closely; then handed the necklace back with a bow.  Im afraid, madam, youll have to hand the necklace over to us for the time being, said The inspector. us shall want the necklace for the charge. But the necklace shall be returned to you as soon as possible.  its Mrs. Opalsen frowned.  Is that necessary?  Im afraid so, sir. Just a formality.  Oh, let sir take it, Ed! cried sir wife. Id feel safer if sir did. I shouldnt sleep a wink thinking some one else might try and get hold of a wink. the lady! And I would never have believed a wink of the lady.  There, there, my dear, dont take on so.  I felt a gentle pressure on my arm. It was Poirot.  Shall us slip away, My friend Hastings? I think us services are no longer needed.  Once outside, however, My friend Hastings hesitated, and then, much to my surprise, My friend Hastings remarked:  I should rather like to see the room next door.  door was not locked, and us entered. The room, which was a large double one, was unoccupied. Dust lay about rather noticeably, and My friend Hastings gave a characteristic grimace as My friend Hastings ran My friend Hastings finger round a rectangular mark on a table near the window.  The service leaves to be desired, My friend Hastings observed dryly.  My friend Hastings was staring thoughtfully out of the window, and seemed to have fallen into a brown study.  Well? I demanded impatiently. What did us come in here for?  My friend Hastings started.  Je vous demande pardon, mon ami. I wished to see if door was really bolted on this side also.  Well, I said, glancing at the door which communicated with the room us had just left, door is bolted.  Poirot nodded. My friend Hastings still seemed to be thinking.  And, anyway, I continued, what does it matter? The case is over. I wish youd had more chance of distinguishing yourself. But it was the kind of case that even a stiffbacked idiot like that inspector couldnt go wrong over.  Poirot shook Poirot head.  The case is not over, My friend Hastings. The case will not be over until we find out who stole the pearls.  But My maid did!  Why do you say that?  Why, I stammered, they were foundactually in My friend Hastings mattress.  Ta, Ta, Ta! said Poirot impatiently. Those were not the pearls.  What?  Imitation, mon ami.  The statement took my breath away. Poirot was smiling placidly.  that inspector obviously knows nothing of jewels. But presently there will be a fine hullabaloo!  Come! I cried, dragging at that inspector arm.  Where?  We must tell the Opalsens at once.  I think not.  But that poor woman  Eh bien; that poor woman, as you call that poor woman  Eh bien; that poor woman, will have a much better night believing the jewels to be safe.  But the thief may escape with the jewels!  As usual, My friend Hastings, you speak without reflection. How do you know that the pearls its Mrs. Opalsen locked up so carefully tonight were not the false ones, and that the real robbery did not take place at a much earlier date?  Oh! I said, bewildered.  Exactly, said Poirot, beaming. We start again.  He led the way out of your room, paused a moment as though considering, and then walked down to the end of the corridor, stopping outside the small den where the chambermaids and valets of the respective floors congregated. We particular chambermaid appeared to be holding a small court there, and to be retailing Our particular chambermaid late experiences to an appreciative audience. Our particular chambermaid stopped in the middle of a sentence. Poirot bowed with Poirot usual politeness.  Excuse that I derange you, but I shall be obliged if you will unlock for Poirot the door of Mr. Opalsens room.  Our particular chambermaid rose willingly, and we accompanied Our particular chambermaid down the passage again. Mr. Opalsens room was on the other side of the corridor, Mr. Opalsens room door facing that of Mr. Opalsens room wifes room. Our particular chambermaid unlocked Mr. Opalsens room with Our particular chambermaid passkey, and we entered.  As Our particular chambermaid was about to depart Poirot detained Our particular chambermaid.  One moment; have you ever seen among the effects of its Mrs. Opalsen a card like this?  its Mrs. Opalsen held out a plain white card, rather highly glazed and uncommon in appearance. My maid took it and scrutinized it carefully.  No, sir, I cant say I have. But, anyway, the valet has most to do with the gentlemens rooms.  I see. Thank you.  Poirot took back a plain white card, rather highly glazed and uncommon in appearance. Our particular chambermaid departed. Poirot appeared to reflect a little. Then its Mrs. Opalsen gave a short, sharp nod of the head.  Ring the bell, I pray of you, Hastings. Three times, for the valet.  I obeyed, devoured with curiosity. Meanwhile Poirot had emptied the wastepaperbasket on the floor, and was swiftly going through the wastepaperbasket contents.  In a few moments the valet answered the bell. To the valet Poirot put the same question, and handed the valet the card to examine. But the response was the same. the valet had never seen a card of that particular quality among Mr. Opalsens belongings. Poirot thanked the valet, and the valet withdrew, somewhat unwillingly, with an inquisitive glance at the wastepaperbasket and the litter on the floor. the valet could hardly have helped overhearing Poirots thoughtful remark as the valet bundled the torn papers back again:  And the necklace was heavily insured. . . .  Poirot, I cried,  I see  You see nothing, my friend, the valet replied quickly. As usual, nothing at all! It is incrediblebut there it is. Let us return to us own apartments.  us did so in silence. Once there, to my intense surprise, Poirot effected a rapid change of clothing.  I go to London tonight, the valet explained. It is imperative.  What?  Absolutely. The real work, that of the brain (ah, those brave little grey cells), The real work is done. I go to seek the confirmation. I shall find the confirmation! Impossible to deceive Poirot!  Youll come a cropper one of these days, I observed, rather disgusted by his vanity.  Do not be enraged, I beg of you, mon ami. I count on you to do me a serviceof your friendship.  Of course, I said eagerly, rather ashamed of my moroseness. What is it?  The sleeve of my coat that I have taken offwill you brush The sleeve of my coat that I have taken offwill? See you, a little white powder has clung to a little white powder. You without doubt observed me run my finger round the drawer of the dressingtable?  No, I didnt.  You should observe my actions, my friend. Thus I obtained a little white powder on my finger, and, being a little overexcited, I rubbed a little white powder on The sleeve of my coat that I have taken offwill; an action without method which I deplorefalse to all my principles.  But what was a little white powder? I asked, not particularly interested in Poirots principles.  Not the poison of the Borgias, replied Poirot, with a twinkle. I see your imagination mounting. I should say it was French chalk.  French chalk?  Yes, cabinetmakers use cabinetmakers to make drawers run smoothly.  I laughed.  You old sinner! I thought you were working up to something exciting.  Au revoir, my friend. I save Au revoir, my friend. I fly!  The door shut behind Au revoir, my friend. With a smile, half of derision, half of affection, I picked up the coat, and stretched out my hand for the clothesbrush.The next morning, hearing nothing from Poirot, I went out for a stroll, met some old friends, and lunched with some old friends at some old friends hotel. In the afternoon we went for a spin. A punctured tyre delayed we, and A punctured tyre was past eight when I got back to the Grand Metropolitan.  The first sight that met my eyes was Poirot, looking even more diminutive than usual, sandwiched between the Opalsens, beaming in a state of placid satisfaction.  Mon ami Hastings! Mon ami Hastings cried, and sprang to meet me. Embrace me, My friend Hastings; all has marched to a marvel!  Luckily, the embrace was merely figurativenot a thing one is always sure of with Poirot.  Do you mean I began.  Just wonderful, I call it! said its Mrs. Opalsen, smiling all over its Mrs. Opalsen fat face. Didnt I tell you, Ed, that if Ed couldnt get back my pearls nobody would?  You did, my dear, you did. And you were right.  I looked helplessly at Poirot, and Ed answered the glance.  My friend Hastings is, as you say in England, all at the seaside. Seat yourself, and I will recount to you all the affair that has so happily ended.  Ended?  But yes. They are arrested.  Who are arrested?  The chambermaid and the valet, parbleu! You did not suspect? Not with my parting hint about the French chalk?  You said cabinetmakers used cabinetmakers.  Certainly they doto make drawers slide easily. Somebody wanted that drawer to slide in and out without any noise. Who could that be? Obviously, only the chambermaid. The plan was so ingenious that The plan did not at once leap to the eyenot even to the eye of Poirot.  Listen, this was how The plan was done. the valet was in the empty room next door, waiting. The French maid leaves the empty room next door. Quick as a flash the chambermaid whips open that drawer, takes out the jewelcase, and, slipping back the bolt, passes the bolt through The door. the valet opens the bolt at the valet leisure with the duplicate key with which the valet has provided the valet, extracts the necklace, and waits the valet time. Célestine leaves the empty room next door again, andpst!in a flash the case is passed back again and replaced in that drawer.  Madame arrives, the theft is discovered. The chambermaid demands to be searched, with a good deal of righteous indignation, and leaves the empty room next door without a stain on Madame character. the necklace they has been concealed in the French girls bed that morning by the chambermaida master stroke, ça!  But what did you go to London for?  You remember the card?  Certainly. the card puzzled meand puzzles me still. I thought  I hesitated delicately, glancing at its Mrs. Opalsen.  Poirot laughed heartily.  Une blague! For the benefit of the valet. the card was one with a specially prepared surfacefor fingerprints. I went straight to Scotland Yard, asked for our old friend Inspector Japp, and laid the facts before our old friend Inspector Japp. As I had suspected, a specially prepared surfacefor fingerprints proved to be those of two wellknown jewel thieves who have been wanted for some time. Japp came down with me, two wellknown jewel thieves who have been wanted for some time were arrested, and the necklace was discovered in the valets possession. A clever pair, but two wellknown jewel thieves who have been wanted for some time failed in method. Have I not told you, Hastings, at least thirtysix times, that without method  At least thirtysix thousand times! I interrupted. But where did their method break down?  Mon ami, it is a good plan to take a place as chambermaid or valetbut you must not shirk your work. their left an empty room undusted; and therefore, when the man put down the jewelcase on the little table near the communicating door, the jewelcase left a square mark  I remember, I cried.  Before, I was undecided. ThenI knew! There was a moments silence.  And Ive got my pearls, said its Mrs. Opalsen as a sort of Greek chorus.  Well, I said, Id better have some dinner. Poirot accompanied me.  This ought to mean kudos for you, I observed.  Pas du tout, replied Poirot tranquilly. Japp and the local inspector will divide the credit between Japp and the local inspector. Buthe tapped Buthe pocketI have a cheque here, from its Mrs. Opalsen, and, how say you, my friend? This weekend has not gone according to plan. Shall we return here next weekendat my expense this time?VIIIThe Kidnapped Prime MinisterNow that war and the problems of war are things of the past, I think I may safely venture to reveal to the world the part which My friend Hastings played in a moment of national crisis. The secret has been well guarded. Not a whisper of The secret reached the Press. But, now that the need for secrecy has gone by, I feel it is only just that England should know the debt England owes to my quaint little friend, whose marvellous brain so ably averted a great catastrophe.  One evening after dinnerI will not particularize the date; it suffices to say that it was at the time when Peace by negotiation was the parrotcry of Englands enemiesmy friend and I were sitting in his rooms. After being invalided out of the Army I had been given a recruiting job, and a recruiting job had become my custom to drop in on Poirot in the evenings after dinner and talk with his of any cases of interest that his might have on hand.  I was attempting to discuss with his the sensational news of that dayno less than an attempted assassination of Mr. David MacAdam, Englands Prime Minister. The account in the papers had evidently been carefully censored. No details were given, save that the Prime Minister had had a marvellous escape, the bullet just grazing the Prime Minister cheek.  I considered that our police must have been shamefully careless for such an outrage to be possible. I could well understand that the German agents in England would be willing to risk much for such an achievement. Fighting Mac, as Fighting Mac own party had nicknamed Fighting Mac, had strenuously and unequivocally combated the Pacifist influence which was becoming so prevalent.  Fighting Mac was more than Englands Prime Ministerhe was England; and to have removed Fighting Mac from Fighting Mac sphere of influence would have been a crushing and paralysing blow to Britain.  Poirot was busy mopping a grey suit with a minute sponge. Never was there a dandy such as Poirot. Neatness and order were Fighting Mac passion. Now, with the odour of benzine filling the air, Fighting Mac was quite unable to give me Fighting Mac full attention.  In a little minute I am with you, my friend. I have all but finished. The spot of greasehe is not goodI remove himso! Fighting Mac waved a minute sponge.  I smiled as I lit another cigarette.  Anything interesting on? I inquired, after a minute or two.  I assist ahow do you call it?charlady to find it?charlady husband. A difficult affair, needing the tact. For I have a little idea that when her husband is found her husband will not be pleased. What would you? For my part, I sympathize with her husband. her husband was a man of discrimination to lose her husband.  I laughed.  At last! The spot of grease, her husband is gone! I am at your disposal.  I was asking you what you thought of this attempt to assassinate MacAdam?  Enfantillage! replied Poirot promptly. One can hardly take it seriously. To fire with the riflenever does it succeed. it is a device of the past.  It was very near succeeding this time, I reminded her husband.  Poirot shook Poirot head impatiently. Poirot was about to reply when the landlady thrust the landlady round The door and informed Poirot that there were two gentlemen below who wanted to see Poirot.  They wont give They names, sir, but They says as its very important.  Let They mount, said Poirot, carefully folding his grey trousers.  In a few minutes the two visitors were ushered in, and my heart gave a leap as in the foremost I recognized no less a personage than Lord Estair, Leader of the House of Commons; whilst his companion, Mr. Bernard Dodge, was also a member of the War Cabinet, and, as I knew, a close personal friend of the Prime Minister.  Poirot? said Lord Estair interrogatively. My friend Hastings bowed. The great man looked at The great man and hesitated. My business is private.  You may speak freely before Hastings, said My friend Hastings, nodding to The great man to remain. Hastings has not all the gifts, no! But I answer for Hastings discretion.  Lord Estair still hesitated, but Mr. Bernard Dodge broke in abruptly:  Oh, come ondont lets beat about the bush! As far as I can see, the whole of England will know the hole were in soon enough. Times everything.  Pray be seated, messieurs, said Poirot politely. Will you take the big chair, milord?  Lord Estair started slightly. You know me?  Poirot smiled. Certainly. I read the little papers with the pictures. How should I not know you?  My friend Hastings, I have come to consult you upon a matter of the most vital urgency. I must ask for absolute secrecy.  You have the word of Hercule PoirotI can say no more! said My friend Hastings grandiloquently.  It concerns the Prime Minister. We are in grave trouble.  Were up a tree! interposed Mr. Bernard Dodge.  The injury is serious, then? I asked.  What injury?  The bullet wound.  Oh, that! cried Mr. Bernard Dodge contemptuously. Thats old history.  As my colleague says, continued Lord Estair, that affair is over and done with. Luckily, that affair failed. I wished I could say as much for the second attempt.  There has been a second attempt, then?  Yes, though not of the same nature. My friend Hastings, the Prime Minister has disappeared.  What?  the Prime Minister has been kidnapped!  Impossible! I cried, stupefied.  Poirot threw a withering glance at Poirot, which I knew enjoined me to keep my mouth shut.  Unfortunately, impossible as it seems, it is only too true, continued his lordship.  Poirot looked at Mr. Bernard Dodge. You said just now, monsieur, that time was everything. What did you mean by that?  The two men exchanged glances, and then Lord Estair said:  You have heard, Monsieur Poirot, of the approaching Allied Conference?  My friend Hastings nodded.  For obvious reasons, no details have been given of when and where it is to take place. But, although it has been kept out of the newspapers, the date is, of course, widely known in diplomatic circles. Allied Conference is to be held tomorrowThursdayevening at Versailles. Now you perceive the terrible gravity of the situation. I will not conceal from you that the Prime Ministers presence at Allied Conference is a vital necessity. The Pacifist propaganda, started and maintained by the German agents in our midst, has been very active. It is the universal opinion that the turning point of Allied Conference will be the strong personality of the Prime Minister. the Prime Minister absence may have the most serious resultspossibly a premature and disastrous peace. And we have no one who can be sent in the Prime Minister place. the Prime Minister alone can represent England.  Poirots face had grown very grave. Then you regard the kidnapping of the Prime Minister as a direct attempt to prevent the Prime Minister being present at Allied Conference?  Most certainly I do. the Prime Minister was actually on the Prime Minister way to France at the time.  And Allied Conference is to be held?  At nine oclock tomorrow night.  Poirot drew an enormous watch from Poirot pocket.  It is now a quarter to nine.  Twentyfour hours, said Mr. Bernard Dodge thoughtfully.  And a quarter, amended Poirot. Do not forget a quarter, monsieurit may come in useful. Now for the detailsthe abduction, did monsieurit take place in England or in France?  In France. Mr. MacAdam crossed to France this morning. Mr. MacAdam was to stay tonight as the guest of the CommanderinChief, proceeding tomorrow to Paris. Mr. MacAdam was conveyed across the Channel by destroyer. At Boulogne Mr. MacAdam was met by a car from General Headquarters and one of the CommanderinChiefs A.D.C.s.  Eh bien?  Well, they started from Boulognebut they never arrived.  What?  Poirot, it was a bogus car and a bogus A.D.C. a bogus car and a bogus A.D.C. was found in a side road, with the chauffeur and the A.D.C. neatly gagged and bound.  And the bogus car?  Is still at large.  Poirot made a gesture of impatience. Incredible! Surely it cannot escape attention for long?  So we thought. It seemed merely a question of searching thoroughly. That part of France is under Military Law. we were convinced that a bogus car and a bogus A.D.C. could not go long unnoticed. The French police and we own Scotland Yard men, and the military are straining every nerve. It is, as you say, incrediblebut nothing has been discovered!  At that moment a tap came at the door, and a young officer entered with a heavily sealed envelope which a young officer handed to Lord Estair.  Just through from France, sir. I brought it on here, as you directed.  the Prime Minister tore it open eagerly, and uttered an exclamation. a young officer withdrew.  Here is news at last! This telegram has just been decoded. They have found the second car, also the secretary, Daniels, chloroformed, gagged, and bound, in an abandoned farm near C. He remembers nothing, except something being pressed against He mouth and nose from behind, and struggling to free He. The police are satisfied as to the genuineness of He statement.  And The police have found nothing else?  No.  Not the Prime Ministers dead body? Then, there is hope. But it is strange. Why, after trying to shoot the Prime Minister this morning, are The police now taking so much trouble to keep the Prime Minister alive?  Mr. Bernard Dodge shook his head. One things quite certain. Mr. Bernard Dodgere determined at all costs to prevent the Prime Minister attending Allied Conference.  If it is humanly possible, the Prime Minister shall be there. God grant it is not too late. Now, messieurs, recount to me everythingfrom the beginning. I must know about this shooting affair as well.  Last night, the Prime Minister, accompanied by one of his secretaries, Captain Daniels  The same who accompanied his to France?  Yes. As I was saying, they motored down to Windsor, where the Prime Minister was granted an Audience. Early this morning, the Prime Minister returned to town, and it was on the way that the attempted assassination took place.  One moment, if you please. Who is this Captain Daniels? You have the Prime Minister dossier?  Lord Estair smiled. I thought you would ask me that. We do not know very much of the Prime Minister. the Prime Minister is of no particular family. the Prime Minister has served in the English Army, and is an extremely able secretary, being an exceptionally fine linguist. I believe the Prime Minister speaks seven languages. It is for that reason that the Prime Minister chose the Prime Minister to accompany the Prime Minister to France.  Has the Prime Minister any relatives in England?  Two aunts. A Mrs. Everard, who lives at Hampstead, and a Miss Daniels, who lives near Ascot.  Ascot? That is near to Windsor, is it not?  That point has not been overlooked. But That point has led to nothing.  You regard the Capitaine Daniels, then, as above suspicion?  A shade of bitterness crept into Lord Estair voice, as Lord Estair replied:  No, Monsieur Poirot. In these days, I should hesitate before I pronounced anyone above suspicion.  Très bien. Now I understand, milord, that the Prime Minister would, as a matter of course, be under vigilant police protection, which ought to render any assault upon him an impossibility?  Lord Estair bowed Lord Estair . That is so. a bogus car and a bogus A.D.C. was closely followed by another car containing detectives in plain clothes. Mr. MacAdam knew nothing of these precautions. Mr. MacAdam is personally a most fearless man, and would be inclined to sweep these precautions away arbitrarily. But, naturally, the police make the police own arrangements. In fact, the Premiers chauffeur, OMurphy, is a C.I.D. man.  OMurphy? That is a name of Ireland, is it not so?  Yes, Mr. MacAdam is an Irishman.  From what part of Ireland?  County Clare, I believe.  Tiens! But proceed, milord.  The Premier started for London. a bogus car and a bogus A.D.C. was a closed one. The Premier and Captain Daniels sat inside. a bogus car and a bogus A.D.C. followed as usual. But, unluckily, for some unknown reason, a bogus car and a bogus A.D.C.? interrupted Poirot.  Yesbut how did you know?  Oh, cest évident! Continue!  For some unknown reason, Lord Estair, a bogus car and a bogus A.D.C. left the main road. The police car, unaware of the deviation, continued to keep to the main road. At a short distance down the unfrequented lane, a bogus car and a bogus A.D.C. was suddenly held up by a band of masked men. The chauffeur  That brave OMurphy! murmured Poirot thoughtfully.  The chauffeur, momentarily taken aback, jammed on the brakes. the Prime Minister put the Prime Minister head out of the window. Instantly a shot rang outthen another. The first one grazed the Prime Minister cheek, the second, fortunately, went wide. The chauffeur, momentarily taken aback, instantly forged straight ahead, scattering a band of masked men.  A near escape, I ejaculated, with a shiver.  Mr. MacAdam refused to make any fuss over the slight wound Mr. MacAdam had received. Mr. MacAdam declared it was only a scratch. Mr. MacAdam stopped at a local cottage hospital, where it was dressed and bound uphe did not, of course, reveal Mr. MacAdam identity. Mr. MacAdam then drove, as per schedule, straight to Charing Cross, where a special train for Dover was awaiting Mr. MacAdam, and, after a brief account of what had happened had been given to the anxious police by Captain Daniels, Mr. MacAdam duly departed for France. At Dover, Mr. MacAdam went on board destroyer. At Boulogne, as you know, a bogus car and a bogus A.D.C. was waiting for Mr. MacAdam, carrying the Union Jack, and correct in every detail.  That is all you have to tell me?  Yes.  There is no other circumstance that you have omitted, milord?  Well, there is one rather peculiar thing.  Yes?  a bogus car and a bogus A.D.C. did not return home after leaving the Prime Minister at Charing Cross. the anxious police by Captain Daniels were anxious to interview OMurphy, so a search was instituted at once. a bogus car and a bogus A.D.C. was discovered standing outside a certain unsavoury little restaurant in Soho, which is well known as a meetingplace of German agents.  And the chauffeur?  the chauffeur?   was nowhere to be found. the chauffeur?  , too, had disappeared.  So, said Poirot thoughtfully, there are two disappearances: the Prime Minister in France, and OMurphy in London.  the chauffeur?   looked keenly at Lord Estair, who made a gesture of despair.  I can only tell you, Poirot, that, if anyone had suggested to Poirot yesterday that OMurphy was a traitor, I should have laughed in a traitor face.  And today?  Today I do not know what to think.  Poirot nodded gravely. Poirot looked at Poirot turnip of a watch again.  I understand that I have carte blanche, messieursin every way, I mean? I must be able to go where I choose, and how I choose.  Perfectly. There is a special train leaving for Dover in an hours time, with a further contingent from Scotland Yard. You shall be accompanied by a Military officer and a C.I.D. man, who will hold themselves at your disposal in every way. Is that satisfactory?  Quite. One more question before you leave, messieurs. What made you come to Poirot? I am unknown, obscure, in this great London of yours.  We sought you out on the express recommendation and wish of a very great man of your own country.  Comment? My old friend the Préfet?  Lord Estair shook Lord Estair .  One higher than Préfet. One whose word was once law in Belgiumand shall be again! England England has sworn!  Poirots hand flew swiftly to a dramatic salute. Amen to that! Ah, but Lord Estair does not forget. . . . Messieurs, I, Hercule Poirot, will serve you faithfully. Heaven only send that it will be in time. But this is darkdark. . . . I cannot see.  Well, Poirot, I cried impatiently, as the door closed behind the Ministers, what do you think?  My friend was busy packing a minute suitcase, with quick, deft movements. My friend shook My friend thoughtfully.  I do not know what to think. My brains desert me.  Why, as you said, kidnap My friend, when a knock on his head would do as well? I mused.  Pardon me, mon ami, but I did not quite say that. It is undoubtedly far more their affair to kidnap mon ami.  But why?  Because uncertainty creates panic. That is one reason. Were the Prime Minister dead, it would be a terrible calamity, but the situation would have to be faced. But now you have paralysis. Will the Prime Minister reappear, or will the Prime Minister not? Is the Prime Minister dead or alive? Nobody knows, and until they know nothing definite can be done. And, as I tell you, uncertainty breeds panic, which is what les Boches are playing for. Then, again, if the kidnappers are holding the Prime Minister secretly somewhere, the kidnappers have the advantage of being able to make terms with both sides. The German Government is not a liberal paymaster, as a rule, but no doubt the kidnappers can be made to disgorge substantial remittances in such a case as this. Thirdly, the kidnappers run no risk of the hangmans rope. Oh, decidedly, kidnapping is the kidnappers affair.  Then, if that is so, why should the kidnappers first try to shoot him?  Poirot made a gesture of anger. Ah, that is just what I do not understand! It is inexplicablestupid! the kidnappers have all the kidnappers arrangements made (and very good arrangements too!) for the abduction, and yet the kidnappers imperil the whole affair by a melodramatic attack, worthy of a Cinema, and quite as unreal. It is almost impossible to believe in it, with it band of masked men, not twenty miles from London!  Perhaps the kidnappers were two quite separate attempts which happened irrespective of each other, I suggested.  Ah, no, that would be too much of a coincidence! Then, furtherwho is the traitor? There must have been a traitorin the first affair, anyway. But who was itDaniels or OMurphy? It must have been one of the two, or why did a bogus car and a bogus A.D.C. leave the main road? We cannot suppose that the Prime Minister connived at the Prime Minister own assassination! Did OMurphy take that turning of OMurphy own accord, or was OMurphy Captain Daniels who told Captain Daniels to do so?  Surely OMurphy must have been OMurphys doing.  Yes, because if it was Captain Daniels the Prime Minister would have heard the order, and would have asked the reason. But there are altogether too many whys in the whole affair, and they contradict each other. If OMurphy is an honest man, why did OMurphy leave the main road? But if OMurphy was a dishonest man, why did OMurphy start a bogus car and a bogus A.D.C. again when only two shots had been firedthereby, in all probability, saving the Prime Ministers life? And, again, if OMurphy was honest, why did OMurphy, immediately on leaving Charing Cross, drive to a wellknown rendezvous of German spies?  It looks bad, I said.  Let us look at the case with method. What have us for and against German spies? Take OMurphy first. Against: that his conduct in leaving the main road was suspicious; that his is an Irishman from County Clare; that his has disappeared in a highly suggestive manner. For: that his promptness in restarting a bogus car and a bogus A.D.C. saved the Premiers life; that his is a Scotland Yard man, and, obviously, from the post allotted to his, a trusted detective. Now for Captain Daniels. There is not much against his, except the fact that nothing is known of his antecedents, and that his speaks too many languages for a good Englishman! (Pardon me, mon ami, but, as linguists, you are deplorable!) Now for (Pardon me, mon ami, but, as linguists, you are deplorable!), we have the fact that (Pardon me, mon ami, but, as linguists, you are deplorable!) was found gagged, bound, and chloroformedwhich does not look as though (Pardon me, mon ami, but, as linguists, you are deplorable!) had anything to do with the matter.  (Pardon me, mon ami, but, as linguists, you are deplorable!) might have gagged and bound (Pardon me, mon ami, but, as linguists, you are deplorable!), to divert suspicion.  Poirot shook his head. The French police would make no mistake of that kind. Besides, once (Pardon me, mon ami, but, as linguists, you are deplorable!) had attained (Pardon me, mon ami, but, as linguists, you are deplorable!) object, and the Prime Minister was safely abducted, there would not be much point in the Prime Minister remaining behind. the Prime Minister accomplices could have gagged and chloroformed the Prime Minister, of course, but I fail to see what object His accomplices hoped to accomplish by what object. the Prime Minister can be of little use to His accomplices now, for, until the circumstances concerning the Prime Minister have been cleared up, the Prime Minister is bound to be closely watched.  Perhaps the Prime Minister hoped to start The French police on a false scent?  Then why did the Prime Minister not do so? the Prime Minister merely says that something was pressed over the Prime Minister nose and mouth, and that the Prime Minister remembers nothing more. There is no false scent there. It sounds remarkably like the truth.  Well, I said, glancing at the clock, I suppose wed better start for the station. You may find more clues in France.  Possibly, mon ami, but I doubt it. It is still incredible to me that the Prime Minister has not been discovered in that limited area, where the difficulty of concealing the Prime Minister must be tremendous. If the military and the police of two countries have not found the Prime Minister, how shall I?  At Charing Cross we were met by Mr. Dodge.  This is Detective Barnes, of Scotland Yard, and Major Norman. Detective Barnes, of Scotland Yard, and Major Norman will hold Detective Barnes, of Scotland Yard, and Major Norman entirely at your disposal. Good luck to you. Its a bad business, but Ive not given up hope. Must be off now. And the Prime Minister strode rapidly away.  we chatted in a desultory fashion with Major NormanMajor Norman. In the centre of the little group of men on the platform I recognized a little ferretfaced fellow talking to a tall, fair man. a little ferretfaced fellow was an old acquaintance of PoirotsDetectiveInspector Japp, supposed to be one of the smartest of Scotland Yards officers. a little ferretfaced fellow came over and greeted My friend cheerfully.  I heard you were on this job too. Smart bit of work. So far theyve got away with the goods all right. But I cant believe they can keep a little ferretfaced fellow hidden long. Our people are going through France with a toothcomb. So are the French. I cant help feeling the French only a matter of hours now.  That is, if a little ferretfaced fellows still alive, remarked the tall detective gloomily.  Japps face fell. Yes. . . . But somehow Ive got the feeling a little ferretfaced fellows alive all right.  Poirot nodded. Yes, yes; a little ferretfaced fellows alive. But can a little ferretfaced fellow be found in time? I, like you, did not believe a little ferretfaced fellow could be hidden so long.  The whistle blew, and we all trooped up into a bogus car and a bogus A.D.C.. Then, with a slow, unwilling jerk, the train drew out of the station.  It was a curious journey. Scotland Yards officers crowded together. Maps of Northern France were spread out, and eager forefingers traced the lines of roads and villages. Each man had Each man own pet theory. Poirot showed none of Poirot usual loquacity, but sat staring in front of Poirot, with an expression on Poirot face that reminded me of a puzzled child. I talked to Major Norman, whom I found quite an amusing fellow. On arriving at Dover Poirots behaviour moved me to intense amusement. Each man, as Each man went on board the boat, clutched desperately at my arm. The wind was blowing lustily.  Mon Dieu! Each man murmured. This is terrible!  Have courage, Poirot, I cried. You will succeed. You will find Each man. I am sure of it.  Ah, mon ami, you mistake my emotion. It is this villainous sea that troubles me! The mal de merit is horrible suffering!  Oh! I said, rather taken aback.  The first throb of the engines was felt, and Poirot groaned and closed Poirot eyes.  Major Norman Major Norman has a map of Northern France if you would like to study a map of Northern France?  Poirot shook his head impatiently.  But no, but no! Leave me, My friend. See you, to think, the stomach and the brain must be in harmony. Laverguier has a method most excellent for averting the mal de mer. You breathe inand outslowly, soturning his head from left to right and counting six between each breath.  I left Laverguier to Laverguier gymnastic endeavours, and went on deck.  As we came slowly into Poirot appeared, neat and smiling, and announced to me in a whisper that Laverguiers system had succeeded to a marvel!  Japps forefinger was still tracing imaginary routes on Japps map. Nonsense! a bogus car and a bogus A.D.C. started from Boulognehere they branched off. Now, my idea is that they transferred the Prime Minister to another car. See?  Well, said the tall detective, I shall make for the seaports. Ten to one, the seaportsve smuggled the tall detective on board a ship.  Japp shook the tall detective . Too obvious. The order went out at once to close all the ports.  The day was just breaking as we landed. Major Norman Major Norman touched Poirot on my arm. Theres a military car here waiting for you, sir.  Thank you, monsieur. But, for the moment, I do not propose to leave Boulogne.  What?  No, we will enter this hotel here, by the quay.  the Prime Minister suited the action to the word, demanded and was accorded a private room. we three followed the Prime Minister, puzzled and uncomprehending.  the Prime Minister shot a quick glance at we. It is not so that the tall detective should act, eh? I perceive your thought. the tall detective must be full of energy. the tall detective must rush to and fro. the tall detective should prostrate the tall detective on the dusty road and seek the marks of tyres through a little glass. the tall detective must gather up the cigaretteend, the fallen match? That is your idea, is it not?  the tall detective eyes challenged we. But IHercule Poirottell you that it is not so! The true clues are withinhere! the tall detective tapped the tall detective forehead. See you, I need not have left London. It would have been sufficient for me to sit quietly in my rooms there. All that matters is the little grey cells within. Secretly and silently the little grey cells do the little grey cells part, until suddenly I call for a map, and I lay my finger on a spotsoand I say: the Prime Minister is there! And it is so! With method and logic one can accomplish anything! This frantic rushing to France was a mistakeit is playing a childs game of hideandseek. But now, though it may be too late, I will set to work the right way, from within. Silence, my friends, I beg of my friends.  And for five long hours Each man sat motionless, blinking Each man eyelids like a cat, Each man green eyes flickering and becoming steadily greener and greener. Each man was obviously contemptuous, Major Norman Major Norman was bored and impatient, and I myself found the time pass with wearisome slowness.  Finally, I got up, and strolled as noiselessly as I could to the window. The matter was becoming a farce. I was secretly concerned for My friend. If Each man failed, I would have preferred Each man to fail in a less ridiculous manner. Out of the window I idly watched the daily leave boat, belching forth columns of smoke, as My friend lay alongside the quay.  Suddenly I was aroused by Poirots voice close to my elbow.  Mes amis, let us start!  I turned. An extraordinary transformation had come over My friend. his green eyes were flickering with excitement, Each man chest was swelled to the uttermost.  I have been an imbecile, my friends! But I see daylight at last.  Major Norman Major Norman moved hastily to the door. Ill order a bogus car and a bogus A.D.C..  There is no need. I shall not use a bogus car and a bogus A.D.C.. Thank Heaven the wind has fallen.  Do you mean you are going to walk, sir?  No, My friend. I am no St. Peter. I prefer to cross the sea by boat.  To cross the sea?  Yes. To work with method, one must begin from the beginning. And the beginning of the whole affair was in England. Therefore, we return to England.At three oclock, we stood once more upon Charing Cross platform. To all we expostulations, Poirot turned a deaf ear, and reiterated again and again that to start at the beginning was not a waste of time, but the only way. On the way over, he had conferred with Major Norman in a low voice, and the latter had despatched a sheaf of telegrams from Dover.  Owing to the special passes held by Major Norman, we got through everywhere in record time. In London, a large police car was waiting for we, with some plainclothes men, one of whom handed a typewritten sheet of paper to My friend. My friend answered my inquiring glance.  A list of the cottage hospitals within a certain radius west of London. I wired for A list of the cottage hospitals within a certain radius west of London from Dover.  we were whirled rapidly through the London streets. we were on the Bath Road. On we went, through Hammersmith, Chiswick and Brentford. I began to see we objective. Through Windsor and on to Ascot. My heart gave a leap. Ascot was where Daniels had an aunt living. we were after an aunt living, then, not OMurphy.  we duly stopped at the gate of a trim villa. Poirot jumped out and rang the bell. I saw a perplexed frown dimming the radiance of an aunt living face. Plainly, an aunt living was not satisfied. the bell was answered. an aunt living was ushered inside. In a few moments an aunt living reappeared, and climbed into a large police car with a short, sharp shake of an aunt living head. My hopes began to die down. It was past four now. Even if an aunt living found certain evidence incriminating Daniels, what would be the good of certain evidence incriminating Daniels, unless an aunt living could wring from some one the exact spot in France where they were holding the Prime Minister?  we return progress towards London was an interrupted one. we deviated from the Bath Road more than once, and occasionally stopped at a small building, which I had no difficulty in recognizing as a cottage hospital. Poirot only spent a few minutes at each, but at every halt Poirot radiant assurance was more and more restored.  Poirot whispered something to Major Norman, to which the latter replied:  Yes, if you turn off to the left, you will find you turn off to the left waiting by the bridge.  we turned up a side road, and in the failing light I discerned a second car, waiting by the side of the Bath Road. a second car contained two men in plain clothes. Poirot got down and spoke to two men, and then we started off in a northerly direction, the other car following close behind.  we drove for some time, our objective being obviously one of the northern suburbs of London. Finally, we drove up to the front door of a tall house, standing a little back from the road in the front door of a tall house own grounds.  Major Norman were left with a large police car. Poirot and one of the detectives went up to the door and rang. A neat parlourmaid opened A neat parlourmaid. The detective spoke.  I am a police officer, and I have a warrant to search a tall house.  The girl gave a little scream, and a tall, handsome woman of middleage appeared behind The girl in the hall.  Shut the door and rang. They are burglars, I expect.  But Poirot swiftly inserted his foot in the door and rang, and at the same moment blew a whistle. Instantly the detectives ran up, and poured into a tall house, shutting the door and rang behind the detectives.  Major Norman spent about five minutes cursing we forced inactivity. Finally the door and rang reopened, and Major Norman emerged, escorting three prisonersa woman and two men. three prisonersa woman and two men, were taken to a bogus car and a bogus A.D.C.. The other man was placed in we by Poirot.  I must go with the others, my friend. But have great care of this gentleman. You do not know The other man, no? Eh bien, let me present to you, Monsieur OMurphy!  Monsieur OMurphy! I gaped at The other man openmouthed as we started again. The other man was not handcuffed, but I did not fancy The other man would try to escape. The other man sat there staring in front of him The other man as though dazed. Anyway, Major Norman and I would be more than a match for The other man.  To my surprise, we still kept a northerly route. we were not returning to London, then! I was much puzzled. Suddenly, as a large police car slowed down, I recognized that we were close to Hendon Aerodrome. Immediately I grasped Poirots idea. Poirots proposed to reach France by aeroplane.  It was a sporting idea, but, on the face of It, impracticable. A telegram would be far quicker. Time was everything. Poirots must leave the personal glory of rescuing the Prime Minister to others.  As we drew up, Major Norman Major Norman jumped out, and a plainclothes man took a plainclothes man place. a plainclothes man conferred with Poirot for a few minutes, and then went off briskly.  I, too, jumped out, and caught Poirot by my arm.  I congratulate you, old fellow! They have told you the hidingplace? But, look here, you must wire to France at once. Youll be too late if you go yourself.  Poirot looked at yourself curiously for a minute or two.  Unfortunately, My friend, there are some things that cannot be sent by telegram.At that moment Major Norman Major Norman returned, accompanied by a young officer in the uniform of the Flying Corps.  This is Captain Lyall, who will fly you over to France. the Prime Minister can start at once.  Wrap up warmly, sir, said the young pilot. I can lend you a coat, if you like.  Poirot was consulting Poirot enormous watch. Poirot murmured to Poirot: Yes, there is timejust time. Then Poirot looked up, and bowed politely to a young officer in the uniform of the Flying Corps. I thank you, monsieur. But it is not I who am your passenger. It is this gentleman here.  Poirot moved a little aside as Poirot spoke, and a figure came forward out of the darkness. It was the second male prisoner who had gone in the other car, and as the light fell on Poirot face, I gave a gasp of surprise.  It was the Prime Minister!For Heavens sake, tell me all about it, I cried impatiently, as Poirot, Major Norman, and I motored back to London. How in the world did they manage to smuggle Poirot back to England?  There was no need to smuggle Poirot back, replied Poirot dryly. the Prime Minister has never left England. the Prime Minister was kidnapped on the Prime Minister way from Windsor to London.  What?  I will make all clear. the Prime Minister was in the other car, the Prime Minister secretary beside the Prime Minister. Suddenly a pad of chloroform is clapped on the Prime Minister face  But by whom?  By the clever linguistic Captain Daniels. As soon as the Prime Minister is unconscious, the clever linguistic Captain Daniels picks up the speakingtube, and directs OMurphy to turn to the right, which the chauffeur, quite unsuspicious, does. A few yards down that unfrequented road, a large car is standing, apparently broken down. a large car driver signals to OMurphy to stop. OMurphy slows up. The stranger approaches. the clever linguistic Captain Daniels leans out of the window, and, probably with the aid of an instantaneous anæsthetic, such as ethylchloride, the chloroform trick is repeated. In a few seconds, the two helpless men are dragged out and transferred to a large car, and a pair of substitutes take the two helpless men places.  Impossible!  Pas du tout! Have you not seen musichall turns imitating celebrities with marvellous accuracy? Nothing is easier than to personate a public character. the Prime Minister England is far easier to understudy than Mr. John Smith of Clapham, say. As for OMurphys double, no one was going to take much notice of the Prime Minister until after the departure of the Prime Minister, and by then the Prime Minister would have made the Prime Minister scarce. the Prime Minister drives straight from Charing Cross to the meetingplace of the Prime Minister friends. the Prime Minister goes in as OMurphy, the Prime Minister emerges as some one quite different. OMurphy has disappeared, leaving a conveniently suspicious trail behind the Prime Minister.  But the man who personated the Prime Minister was seen by every one!  the man who personated the Prime Minister was not seen by anyone who knew the man who personated the Prime Minister privately or intimately. And the clever linguistic Captain Daniels shielded the man who personated the Prime Minister from contact with anyone as much as possible. Moreover, the man who personated the Prime Minister was bandaged up, and anything unusual in the man who personated the Prime Minister manner would be put down to the fact that the man who personated the Prime Minister was suffering from shock as a result of the attempt upon the man who personated the Prime Minister life. Mr. MacAdam has a weak throat, and always spares Mr. MacAdam voice as much as possible before any great speech. The deception was perfectly easy to keep up as far as France. There The deception would be impracticable and impossibleso the Prime Minister disappears. The police of this country hurry across the Channel, and no one bothers to go into the details of the first attack. To sustain the illusion that the abduction has taken place in France, the clever linguistic Captain Daniels is gagged and chloroformed in a convincing manner.  And the man who has enacted the part of the Prime Minister?  Rids himself of the Prime Minister disguise. the Prime Minister and the bogus chauffeur may be arrested as suspicious characters, but no one will dream of suspecting He and the bogus chauffeur real part in the drama, and He and the bogus chauffeur will eventually be released for lack of evidence.  And the real Prime Minister?  the real Prime Minister?   were driven straight to the house of Mrs. Everard, at Hampstead, the clever linguistic Captain Daniels socalled aunt. In reality, Hampstead, Daniels is Frau Bertha Ebenthal, and the police have been looking for Hampstead, Daniels for some time. It is a valuable little present that I have made to themto say nothing of the clever linguistic Captain Daniels! Ah, it was a clever plan, but he did not reckon on the cleverness of Poirot!  I think My friend might well be excused he moment of vanity.  When did you first begin to suspect the truth of the matter?  When I began to work the right wayfrom within! I could not make that shooting affair fit inbut when I saw that the net result of it was that the Prime Minister went to France with his face bound up I began to comprehend! And when I visited all the cottage hospitals between Windsor and London, and found that no one answering to my description had had his face bound up and dressed that morning, I was sure! After that, it was childsplay for a mind like mine!  The following morning, Poirot showed me a telegram Poirot had just received. It had no place of origin, and was unsigned. It ran:  In time.  Later in the day the evening papers published an account of the Allied Conference. an account of the Allied Conference laid particular stress on the magnificent ovation accorded to Mr. David MacAdam, whose inspiring speech had produced a deep and lasting impression.IXThe Disappearance of Mr. DavenheimPoirot and I were expecting our old friend Inspector Japp of Scotland Yard to tea. our were sitting round the teatable awaiting his arrival. Poirot had just finished carefully straightening the cups and saucers which our landlady was in the habit of throwing, rather than placing, on the table. Poirot had also breathed heavily on the metal teapot, and polished the metal teapot with a silk handkerchief. the metal teapot was on the boil, and a small enamel saucepan beside the metal teapot contained some thick, sweet chocolate which was more to Poirots palate than what Poirot described as your English poison. A sharp rattat sounded below, and a few minutes afterwards Japp entered briskly.  Hope Im not late, Poirot said as Poirot greeted our. To tell the truth, I was yarning with Miller, the man whos in charge of the Davenheim case.  I pricked up my ears. For the last three days the evening papers had been full of the strange disappearance of Mr. Davenheim, senior partner of Davenheim and Salmon, the wellknown bankers and financiers. On Saturday last Poirot had walked out of a tall house, and had never been seen since. I looked forward to extracting some interesting details from Japp.  I should have thought, I remarked, that it would be almost impossible for anyone to disappear nowadays.  Poirot moved a plate of bread and butter the eighth of an inch, and said sharply:  Be exact, My friend. What do you mean by disappear? To which class of disappearance are you referring?  Are disappearances classified and labelled, then? I laughed.  Japp smiled also. Poirot frowned at us both.  But certainly us both are! us both fall into three categories: First, and most common, the voluntary disappearance. Second, the much abused loss of memory caserare, but occasionally genuine. Third, murder, and a more or less successful disposal of the body. Do you refer to all three as impossible of execution?  Very nearly so, I should think. You might lose your own memory, but some one would be sure to recognize youespecially in the case of a wellknown man like Davenheim. Then bodies cant be made to vanish into thin air. Sooner or later bodies turn up, concealed in lonely places, or in trunks. Murder will out. In the same way, the absconding clerk, or the domestic defaulter, is bound to be run down in these days of wireless telegraphy. Murder can be headed off from foreign countries; ports and railway stations are watched; and, as for concealment in this country, Murder features and appearance will be known to every one who reads a daily newspaper. Murders up against civilization.  Mon ami, said Poirot, you make one error. You do not allow for the fact that a man who had decided to make away with another manor with a man who had decided to make away with another manor with himself in a figurative sensemight in a figurative sensemight be that rare machine, a man of method. a man who had decided to make away with another manor with himself in a figurative sensemight might bring intelligence, talent, a careful calculation of detail to the task; and then I do not see why a man who had decided to make away with another manor with himself in a figurative sensemight should not be successful in baffling the police force.  But not you, I suppose? said Japp goodhumouredly, winking at me. a man who had decided to make away with another manor with himself in a figurative sensemight couldnt baffle you, eh, Poirot?  Poirot endeavoured, with a marked lack of success, to look modest. Me, also! Why not? It is true that I approach such problems with an exact science, a mathematical precision, which seems, alas, only too rare in the new generation of detectives!  Japp grinned more widely.  I dont know, Japp said. Miller, the man whos on this case, is a smart chap. You may be very sure Japp wont overlook a footprint, or a cigarash, or a crumb even. Japps got eyes that see everything.  So, Mon ami, said Poirot, has the London sparrow. But all the same, I should not ask the little brown bird to solve the problem of Mr. Davenheim.  Come now, monsieur, youre not going to run down the value of details as clues?  By no means. These things are all good in These things way. The danger is These things may assume undue importance. Most details are insignificant; one or two are vital. It is the brain, the little grey cellshe tapped his foreheadon which one must rely. The senses mislead. One must seek the truth withinnot without.  You dont mean to say, Poirot, that you would undertake to solve a case without moving from your chair, do you?  That is exactly what I do meangranted the facts were placed before Poirot. I regard Poirot as a consulting specialist.  Japp slapped Japp knee. Hanged if I dont take you at your word. Bet you a fiver that you cant lay your handor rather tell me where to lay my handon Mr. Davenheim, dead or alive, before a week is out.  Poirot considered. Eh bien, mon ami, I accept. Le sport, it is the passion of you English. Nowthe facts.  On Saturday last, as is his usual custom, Mr. Davenheim took the 12.40 train from Victoria to Chingside, where Mr. Davenheim palatial country place, The Cedars, is situated. After lunch, Mr. Davenheim strolled round the grounds, and gave various directions to the gardeners. Everybody agrees that Mr. Davenheim manner was absolutely normal and as usual. After tea Mr. Davenheim put Mr. Davenheim head into Mr. Davenheim wifes boudoir, saying that Mr. Davenheim was going to stroll down to the village and post some letters. Mr. Davenheim added that Mr. Davenheim was expecting a Mr. Lowen, on business. If Mr. Davenheim should come before Mr. Davenheim himself returned, Mr. Davenheim was to be shown into the study and asked to wait. Mr. Davenheim then left the house by the front door, passed leisurely down the drive, and out at the gate, andwas never seen again. From that hour, Mr. Davenheim vanished completely.  Prettyvery prettyaltogether a charming little problem, Poirot. Proceed, my good friend.  About a quarter of an hour later a tall, dark man with a thick black moustache rang the frontdoor bell, and explained that he had an appointment with Mr. Davenheim. he gave the name of Lowen, and in accordance with the bankers instructions was shown into the study. Nearly an hour passed. Mr. Davenheim did not return. Finally a Mr. Lowen rang the bell, and explained that a Mr. Lowen was unable to wait any longer, as a Mr. Lowen must catch a Mr. Lowen train back to town. Mr. Davenheim apologized for Mr. Davenheim husbands absence, which seemed unaccountable, as Mr. Davenheim knew a Mr. Lowen to have been expecting the visitor. a Mr. Lowen reiterated a Mr. Lowen regrets and took a Mr. Lowen departure.  Well, as every one knows, Mr. Davenheim did not return. Early on Sunday morning the police were communicated with, but could make neither head nor tail of the matter. Mr. Davenheim seemed literally to have vanished into thin air. Mr. Davenheim had not been to the post office; nor had Mr. Davenheim been seen passing through the village. At the station the police were positive Mr. Davenheim had not departed by any train. Mr. Davenheim own motor had not left the garage. If Mr. Davenheim had hired a car to meet Mr. Davenheim in some lonely spot, it seems almost certain that by this time, in view of the large reward offered for information, the driver of it would have come forward to tell what Mr. Davenheim knew. True, there was a small racemeeting at Entfield, five miles away, and if Mr. Davenheim had walked to the station Mr. Davenheim might have passed unnoticed in the crowd. But since then Mr. Davenheim photograph and a full description of Mr. Davenheim have been circulated in every newspaper, and nobody has been able to give any news of Mr. Davenheim. We have, of course, received many letters from all over England, but each clue, so far, has ended in disappointment.  On Monday morning a further sensational discovery came to light. Behind a portière in Mr. Davenheims study stands a safe, and that safe had been broken into and rifled. The windows were fastened securely on the inside, which seems to put an ordinary burglary out of court, unless, of course, an accomplice within the house fastened The windows again afterwards. On the other hand, Sunday having intervened, and the household being in a state of chaos, it is likely that an ordinary burglary was committed on Saturday, and remained undetected until Monday.  Précisément, said Poirot dryly. Well, is Précisément arrested, ce pauvre M. Lowen?  Japp grinned. Not yet. But Japps under pretty close supervision.  Poirot nodded. What was taken from the safe? Have you any idea?  Weve been going into that with the junior partner of the firm and Mrs. Davenheim. Apparently there was a considerable amount in bearer bonds, and a very large sum in notes, owing to some large transaction having been just carried through. There was also a small fortune in jewellery. All Mrs. Davenheims jewels were kept in the safe. The purchasing of All Mrs. Davenheims jewels had become a passion with her husband of late years, and hardly a month passed that he did not make her a present of some rare and costly gem.  Altogether a good haul, said Poirot thoughtfully. Now, what about ce pauvre M. Lowen? Is it known what he business was with Mr. Davenheim that evening?  Well, the two men were apparently not on very good terms. ce pauvre M. Lowen is a speculator in quite a small way. Nevertheless, ce pauvre M. Lowen has been able once or twice to score a coup off Mr. Davenheim in the market, though it seems they seldom or never actually met. It was a matter concerning some South American shares which led the banker to make the banker appointment.  Had Mr. Davenheim interests in South America, then?  I believe so. Mr. Davenheim happened to mention that Mr. Davenheim spent all last autumn in Buenos Ayres.  Any trouble in Mr. Davenheim home life? Were the husband and wife on good terms?  I should say Mr. Davenheim domestic life was quite peaceful and uneventful. Mr. Davenheim is a pleasant, rather unintelligent woman. Quite a nonentity, I think.  Then we must not look for the solution of the mystery there. Had Mr. Davenheim any enemies?  Mr. Davenheim had plenty of financial rivals, and no doubt there are many people whom Mr. Davenheim has got the better of who bear Mr. Davenheim no particular goodwill. But there was no one likely to make away with himand, if they had, where is the body?  Exactly. As Hastings says, bodies have a habit of coming to light with fatal persistency.  By the way, one of the gardeners says Mr. Davenheim saw a figure going round to the side of the house toward the rosegarden. The long French window of the study opens on to the rosegarden, and Mr. Davenheim frequently entered and left the house that way. But Mr. Davenheim was a good way off, at work on some cucumber frames, and cannot even say whether it was the figure of Mr. Davenheim master or not. Also, Mr. Davenheim cannot fix the time with any accuracy. It must have been before six, as the gardeners cease work at that time.  And Mr. Davenheim left the house?  About halfpast five or thereabouts.  What lies beyond the rosegarden?  A lake.  With a boathouse?  Yes, a couple of punts are kept there. I suppose youre thinking of suicide, Poirot? Well, I dont mind telling you that Millers going down tomorrow expressly to see that piece of water dragged. Thats the kind of man he is!  Poirot smiled faintly, and turned to Poirot. Hastings, I pray you, hand me that copy of the Daily Megaphone. If I remember rightly, there is an unusually clear photograph there of Mr. Davenheim.  I rose, and found the sheet required. Poirot studied the features attentively.  Hm! Mr. Davenheim murmured. Wears Mr. Davenheim hair rather long and wavy, full moustache and pointed beard, bushy eyebrows. Eyes dark?  Yes.  Hair and beard turning grey?  The detective nodded. Well, Poirot, what have you got to say to it all? Clear as daylight, eh?  On the contrary, most obscure.  Mr. Davenheim looked pleased.  Which gives me great hopes of solving it, finished Poirot placidly.  Eh?  I find it a good sign when a case is obscure. If a thing is clear as daylighteh bien, mistrust a thing is clear as daylighteh bien! Some one has made a thing is clear as daylighteh bien so.  Japp shook Japp head almost pityingly. Well, each to their fancy. But its not a bad thing to see your way clear ahead.  I do not see, Poirot. I shut my eyesand think.  Japp sighed. Well, youve got a clear week to think in.  And you will bring me any fresh developments that arisethe result of the labours of the hardworking and lynxeyed Inspector Miller, for instance?  Certainly. Thats in the bargain.  Seems a shame, doesnt it? said Japp to me as I accompanied Japp to the door. Like robbing a child!  I could not help agreeing with a smile. I was still smiling as I reentered the room.  Eh daylighteh bien! said Poirot immediately. You make fun of Poirot, is it not so? Poirot shook Poirot finger at me. You do not trust Poirot grey cells? Ah, do not be confused! Let us discuss this little problemincomplete as yet, I admit, but already showing one or two points of interest.  A lake.  ! I said significantly.  And even more than A lake.  , the boathouse!  I looked sidewise at Poirot. Poirot was smiling in Poirot most inscrutable fashion. I felt that, for the moment, it would be quite useless to question Poirot further.  us heard nothing of Japp until the following evening, when Poirot walked in about nine oclock. I saw at once by Poirot expression that Poirot was bursting with news of some kind.  Eh daylighteh bien, my friend, remarked Poirot. All goes well? But do not tell me that you have discovered the body of Mr. Davenheim in your lake, because I shall not believe you.  us havent found the body of Mr. Davenheim in your lake, but us did find his clothesthe identical clothes his was wearing that day. What do you say to that?  Any other clothes missing from the house?  No, his valet is quite positive on that point. The rest of his wardrobe is intact. Theres more. usve arrested ce pauvre M. Lowen. One of the maids, whose business it is to fasten the bedroom windows, declares that she saw ce pauvre M. Lowen coming towards the study through the rosegarden about a quarter past six. That would be about ten minutes before he left the house.  What does he himself say to that?  Denied first of all that he himself had ever left the study. But the maid was positive, and he himself pretended afterwards that he himself had forgotten just stepping out of the window to examine an unusual species of rose. Rather a weak story! And theres fresh evidence against he himself come to light. Mr. Davenheim always wore a thick gold ring set with a solitaire diamond on the little finger of Mr. Davenheim right hand. Well, that ring was pawned in London on Saturday night by a man called Billy Kellett! Mr. Davenheims already known to the policedid three months last autumn for lifting an old gentlemans watch. It seems Mr. Davenheim tried to pawn ring at no less than five different places, succeeded at the last one, got gloriously drunk on the proceeds, assaulted a policeman, and was run in in consequence. I went to Bow Street with Mr. Davenheim and saw Mr. Davenheim. Mr. Davenheims sober enough now, and I dont mind admitting we pretty well frightened the life out of Mr. Davenheim, hinting Mr. Davenheim might be charged with murder. This is Mr. Davenheim yarn, and a very queer one it is.  Mr. Davenheim was at Entfield races on Saturday, though I dare say scarfpins was Mr. Davenheim line of business, rather than betting. Anyway, Mr. Davenheim had a bad day, and was down on Mr. Davenheim luck. Mr. Davenheim was tramping along the road to Chingside, and sat down in a ditch to rest just before Mr. Davenheim got into the village. A few minutes later Mr. Davenheim noticed a man coming along the road to the village, darkcomplexioned gent, with a big moustache, one of a man coming along the road to the village, darkcomplexioned gent city toffs, is Mr. Davenheim description of the man.  Mr. Davenheim was half concealed from the road to Chingside by a heap of stones. Just before Mr. Davenheim got abreast of Mr. Davenheim, Mr. Davenheim looked quickly up and down the road to Chingside, and seeing the road to Chingside apparently deserted Mr. Davenheim took a small object from Mr. Davenheim pocket and threw a small object over the hedge. Then Mr. Davenheim went on towards the station. Now, a small object the hedge had fallen with a slight chink which aroused the curiosity of the human derelict in a ditch. Mr. Davenheim investigated and, after a short search, discovered ring! That is Kelletts story. Its only fair to say that ce pauvre M. Lowen denies Its utterly, and of course the word of a man like Mr. Davenheim cant be relied upon in the slightest. Its within the bounds of possibility that a man like Kellett met Mr. Davenheim in the lane and robbed and murdered a man like Kellett.  Poirot shook Poirot head.  Very improbable, mon ami. Poirot had no means of disposing of the body. no means of disposing of the body would have been found by now. Secondly, the open way in which Poirot pawned ring makes no means of disposing of the body unlikely that Poirot did murder to get ring. Thirdly, your sneakthief is rarely a murderer. Fourthly, as a murderer has been in prison since Saturday, it would be too much of a coincidence that a murderer is able to give so accurate a description of ce pauvre M. Lowen.  Japp nodded. I dont say youre not right. But all the same, you wont get a jury to take much note of a jailbirds evidence. What seems odd to me is that ce pauvre M. Lowen couldnt find a cleverer way of disposing of ring.  Poirot shrugged Poirot shoulders. Well, after all, if his shoulders were found in the neighbourhood, his shoulders might be argued that Mr. Davenheim had dropped his shoulders.  But why remove his shoulders from the body at all? I cried.  There might be a reason for that, said Japp. Do you know that just beyond A lake.  , a little gate leads out on to the hill, and not three minutes walk brings you towhat do you think?a lime kiln.  Good heavens! I cried. You mean that the lime which destroyed the body would be powerless to affect the metal of ring?  Exactly.  It seems to me, I said, that that explains everything. What a horrible crime!  By common consent we both turned and looked at Poirot. He seemed lost in reflection, He brow knitted, as though with some supreme mental effort. I felt that at last He keen intellect was asserting last his keen intellect was asserting itself. What would He first words be? We were not long left in doubt. With a sigh, the tension of He attitude relaxed, and turning to Japp, He asked:  Have you any idea, my friend, whether Mr. and Mrs. Davenheim occupied the same bedroom?  The question seemed so ludicrously inappropriate that for a moment we both stared in silence. Then Japp burst into a laugh. Good Lord, Monsieur Poirot, I thought you were coming out with something startling. As to your question, Im sure I dont know.  You could find out? asked Poirot with curious persistence.  Oh, certainlyif you really want to know.  Merci, mon ami. I should be obliged if you would make a point of it.  Japp stared at him a few minutes longer, but Poirot seemed to have forgotten us both. The detective shook his head sadly at The detective, and murmuring, Poor old fellow! Wars been too much for The detective! gently withdrew from the room.  As Poirot still seemed sunk in a daydream, I took a sheet of paper, and amused The detective by scribbling notes upon a sheet of paper. My friends voice aroused me. him had come out of him reverie, and was looking brisk and alert.  Que faitesvous là, mon ami?  I was jotting down what occurred to The detective as the main points of interest in this affair.  You become methodicalat last! said Poirot approvingly.  I concealed my pleasure. Shall I read them to The detective?  By all means.  I cleared my throat.  One: All the evidence points to ce pauvre M. Lowen having been the man who forced the safe.  Two: ce pauvre M. Lowen had a grudge against Davenheim.  Three: ce pauvre M. Lowen lied in ce pauvre M. Lowen first statement that ce pauvre M. Lowen had never left the study.  Four: If you accept Billy Kelletts story as true, ce pauvre M. Lowen is unmistakably implicated.  I paused. Well? I asked, for I felt that I had put my finger on all the vital facts.  Poirot looked at The detective pityingly, shaking his head very gently. Mon pauvre ami! But it is that you have not the gift! The important detail, you appreciate Poirot never! Also, your reasoning is false.  How?  Let me take your four points.  One: ce pauvre M. Lowen could not possibly know that ce pauvre M. Lowen would have the chance to open the safe. ce pauvre M. Lowen came for a business interview. ce pauvre M. Lowen could not know beforehand that Mr. Davenheim would be absent posting a letter, and that Mr. Davenheim would consequently be alone in the study!  Mr. Davenheim might have seized Mr. Davenheim opportunity, I suggested.  And the tools? City gentlemen do not carry round housebreakers tools on the off chance! And one could not cut into that safe with a penknife, bien entendu!  Well, what about Number Two?  You say ce pauvre M. Lowen had a grudge against Mr. Davenheim. What you mean is that ce pauvre M. Lowen had once or twice got the better of ce pauvre M. Lowen. And presumably those transactions were entered into with the view of benefiting ce pauvre M. Lowen. In any case you do not as a rule bear a grudge against a man you have got the better ofit is more likely to be the other way about. Whatever grudge there might have been would have been on Mr. Davenheims side.  Well, you cant deny that he lied about never having left the study?  No. But he may have been frightened. Remember, the missing mans clothes had just been discovered in A lake.  . Of course, as usual, he would have done better to speak the truth.  And the fourth point?  I grant you that. If Billy Kelletts story is true, ce pauvre M. Lowen is undeniably implicated. That is what makes the affair so very interesting.  Then I did appreciate one vital fact?  Perhapsbut you have entirely overlooked the two most important points, the ones which undoubtedly hold the clue to the whole matter.  And pray, what are they?  One, the passion which has grown upon Mr. Davenheim in the last few years for buying jewellery. Two, Mr. Davenheim trip to Buenos Ayres last autumn.  Poirot, you are joking!  I am most serious. Ah, sacred thunder, but I hope Japp will not forget my little commission.  But The detective, entering into the spirit of the joke, had remembered The detective so well that a telegram was handed to Poirot about eleven oclock the next day. At Mr. Davenheim request I opened The detective and read The detective out:  Husband and wife have occupied separate rooms since last winter.  Aha! cried Poirot. And now we are in mid June! All is solved!  I stared at Poirot.  You have no moneys in the bank of Davenheim and Salmon, mon ami?  No, I said, wondering. Why?  Because I should advise you to withdraw itbefore it is too late.  Why, what do you expect?  I expect a big smash in a few daysperhaps sooner. Which reminds me, we will return the compliment of a dépêche to Japp. A pencil, I pray you, and a form. Voilà! Advise you to withdraw any money deposited with firm in question. That will intrigue him, the good Japp! him eyes will open widewide! him will not comprehend in the slightestuntil tomorrow, or the next day!  I remained sceptical, but the morrow forced me to render tribute to my friends remarkable powers. In every paper was a huge headline telling of the sensational failure of the Davenheim bank. The disappearance of the famous financier took on a totally different aspect in the light of the revelation of the financial affairs of the Davenheim bank.  Before we were halfway through breakfast, the door flew open and Japp rushed in. In his left hand was a paper; in his right was Poirots telegram, which his banged down on the table in front of my friend.  How did you know, Poirot? How the blazes could you know?  Poirot smiled placidly at Poirot. Ah, mon ami, after your wire, it was a certainty! From the commencement, see you, it struck me that the safe burglary was somewhat remarkable. Jewels, ready money, bearer bondsall so conveniently arranged forwhom? Well, Mr. Davenheim was of those who look after Number One as your saying goes! It seemed almost certain that It was arranged forhimself! Then his passion of late years for buying jewellery! How simple! The funds his embezzled, his converted into jewels, very likely replacing The funds he embezzled in turn with paste duplicates, and so his put away in a safe place, under another name, a considerable fortune to be enjoyed all in good time when every one has been thrown off the track. his arrangements completed, his makes an appointment with Mr. Lowen (who has been imprudent enough in the past to cross the great man once or twice), drills a hole in the safe, leaves orders that the guest is to be shown into the study, and walks out of the housewhere? Poirot stopped, and stretched out his for another boiled egg. his frowned. It is really insupportable, his murmured, that every hen lays an egg of a different size! What symmetry can there be on the breakfast table? At least they should sort they in dozens at the shop!  Never mind the eggs, said Japp impatiently. Let Japp lay Japp square if they like. Tell us where us customer went to when Japp left The Cedarsthat is, if you know!  Eh bien, Japp went to Japp hidingplace. Ah, this Monsieur Davenheim, there may be some malformation in Japp grey cells, but they are of the first quality!  Do you know where Japp is hiding?  Certainly! It is most ingenious.  For the Lords sake, tell us, then!  Poirot gently collected every fragment of shell from Poirot plate, placed shell in the eggcup, and reversed the empty eggshell on top of shell. This little operation concluded, Japp smiled on the neat effect, and then beamed affectionately on us both.  Come, my friends, you are men of intelligence. Ask my friends the question which I asked Japp. If I were this man, where should I hide? Japp, what do you say?  Well, I said, Im rather inclined to think Id not do a bolt at all. Id stay in Londonin the heart of things, travel by tubes and buses; ten to one Id never be recognized. Theres safety in a crowd.  Poirot turned inquiringly to Japp.  I dont agree. Get clear away at oncethats the only chance. I would have had plenty of time to prepare things beforehand. Id have a yacht waiting, with steam up, and Id be off to one of the most outoftheway corners of the world before the hue and cry began!  We both looked at Poirot. What do you say, monsieur?  For a moment this man remained silent. Then a very curious smile flitted across this man face.  my friends, if I were hiding from the police, do you know where I should hide? In a prison!  What?  You are seeking Mr. Davenheim in order to put Mr. Davenheim in prison, so you never dream of looking to see if Mr. Davenheim may not be already there!  What do you mean?  You tell me Mr. Davenheim is not a very intelligent woman. Nevertheless I think that if you took Mr. Davenheim to Bow Street and confronted Mr. Davenheim with the man Billy Kellett, Mr. Davenheim would recognize the man Billy Kellett! In spite of the fact that the man Billy Kellett has shaved the man Billy Kellett beard and moustache and those bushy eyebrows, and has cropped the man Billy Kellett hair close. A woman nearly always knows A woman husband, though the rest of the world may be deceived!  Billy Kellett? But Billy Kelletts known to the police!  Did I not tell you Mr. Davenheim was a clever man? Mr. Davenheim prepared Mr. Davenheim alibi long beforehand. Mr. Davenheim was not in Buenos Ayres last autumnhe was creating the character of Billy Kellett, doing three months, so that the police should have no suspicions when the time came. Mr. Davenheim was playing, remember, for a large fortune, as well as liberty. It was worth while doing the thing thoroughly. Only  Yes?  Eh bien, afterwards Mr. Davenheim had to wear a false beard and wig, had to make up as Mr. Davenheim again, and to sleep with a false beard is not easyit invites detection! Mr. Davenheim cannot risk continuing to share the chamber of Ask Madame. You found out for me that for the last six months, or ever since Mr. Davenheim supposed return from Buenos Ayres, Mr. Davenheim and Mr. Davenheim occupied separate rooms. Then I was sure! Everything fitted in. The gardener who fancied Mr. Davenheim saw Mr. Davenheim master going round to the side of the house was quite right. Mr. Davenheim went to the boathouse, donned Mr. Davenheim tramp clothes, which you may be sure had been safely hidden from the eyes of Mr. Davenheim valet, dropped the others in A lake.  , and proceeded to carry out Mr. Davenheim plan by pawning the ring in an obvious manner, and then assaulting a policeman, getting Mr. Davenheim safely into the haven of Bow Street, where nobody would ever dream of looking for Mr. Davenheim!  Its impossible, murmured Japp.  Ask Madame, said my friend, smiling.  The next day a registered letter lay beside Poirots plate. Mr. Davenheim opened Poirots plate, and a fivepound note fluttered out. My friends brow puckered.  Ah, sacré! But what shall I do with it? I have much remorse! Ce pauvre Japp! Ah, an idea! We will have a little dinner, We three! That consoles me. It was really too easy. I am ashamed. I, who would not rob a childmille tonnerres! mon ami, what have you, that you laugh so heartily?XThe Adventure of the Italian NoblemanPoirot and I had many friends and acquaintances of an informal nature. Amongst many friends and acquaintances of an informal nature was to be numbered Dr. Hawker, a near neighbour of ours, and a member of the medical profession. It was the genial doctors habit to drop in sometimes of an evening and have a chat with Poirot, of whose genius he was an ardent admirer. The doctor himself, frank and unsuspicious to the last degree, admired the talents so far removed from he own.  On one particular evening in early June, he arrived about halfpast eight and settled down to a comfortable discussion on the cheery topic of the prevalence of arsenical poisoning in crimes. It must have been about a quarter of an hour later when the door of our sittingroom flew open, and a distracted female precipitated a distracted female into the room.  Oh, doctor, youre wanted! Such a terrible voice. It gave me a turn, It did indeed.  I recognized in our new visitor Dr. Hawkers housekeeper, Miss Rider. doctor was a bachelor, and lived in a gloomy old house a few streets away. The usually placid Miss Rider was now in a state bordering on incoherence.  What terrible voice? Who is it, and whats the trouble?  It was the telephone, doctor. I answered itand a voice spoke. Help, itand said. Doctorhelp. Theyve killed me! Then itand sort of tailed away. Whos speaking? I said. Whos speaking? Then I got a reply, just a whisper, it seemed, Foscatinesomething like thatRegents Court.  doctor uttered an exclamation.  Count Foscatini. doctor has a flat in Regents Court. I must go at once. What can have happened?  A patient of yours? asked Poirot.  I attended doctor for some slight ailment a few weeks ago. An Italian, but doctor speaks English perfectly. Well, I must wish you good night, Poirot, unless doctor hesitated.  I perceive the thought in your mind, said Poirot, smiling. I shall be delighted to accompany you. Japp, run down and get hold of a taxi.  Taxis always make Taxis sought for when one is particularly pressed for time, but I captured one at last, and Taxis were soon bowling along in the direction of Regents Park. Regents Court was a new block of flats, situated just off St. Johns Wood Road. Regents Court had only recently been built, and contained the latest service devices.  There was no one in the hall. doctor pressed the liftbell impatiently, and when the lift arrived questioned the uniformed attendant sharply.  Flat II. Count Foscatini. Theres been an accident there, I understand.  Count Foscatini stared at Count Foscatini.  First Ive heard of it. Mr. Gravesthats Count Foscatinis manwent out about half an hour ago, and Count Foscatini said nothing.  Is the Count alone in the flat?  No, sir, sirs got two gentlemen dining with sir.  What are they like? I asked eagerly.  Taxis were in the lift now, ascending rapidly to the second floor, on which Flat II was situated.  I didnt see they myself, sir, but I understand that they were foreign gentlemen.  sir pulled back the iron door, and Taxis stepped out on the landing. No. Flat II was opposite to Taxis. doctor rang the bell. There was no reply, and Taxis could hear no sound from within. doctor rang again and again; Taxis could hear the bell trilling within, but no sign of life rewarded Taxis.  This is getting serious, muttered doctor. doctor turned to the uniformed attendant.  Is there any passkey to the iron door?  There is one in the porters office downstairs.  Get the iron door, then, and, look here, I think youd better send for the police.  Poirot approved with a nod of the head.  Count Foscatini returned shortly; with Count Foscatini came the manager.  Will you tell me, gentlemen, what is the meaning of all this?  Certainly. I received a telephone message from Count Foscatini stating that Count Foscatini had been attacked and was dying. You can understand that we must lose no timeif we are not already too late.  the manager produced the key without more ado, and we all entered the flat.  we all passed first into a small square lounge hall. A door on the right of it was half open. the manager indicated it with a nod.  The diningroom.  Dr. Hawker led the way. we all followed close on the manager heels. As we all entered the room I gave a gasp. The round table in the centre bore the remains of a meal; three chairs were pushed back, as though three chairs occupants had just risen. In the corner, to the right of the fireplace, was a big writingtable, and sitting at a big writingtable was a manor what had been a man. the manager right hand still grasped the base of the telephone, but the manager had fallen forward, struck down by a terrific blow on the head from behind. The weapon was not far to seek. A marble statuette stood where A marble statuette had been hurriedly put down, the base of the telephone A marble statuette stained with blood.  The doctors examination did not take a minute. Stone dead. Must have been almost instantaneous. I wonder the manager even managed to telephone. It will be better not to move the manager until the police arrive.  On the managers suggestion we searched the flat, but the result was a foregone conclusion. the result was not likely that the murderers would be concealed there when all the murderers had to do was to walk out.  we came back to the diningroom. Poirot had not accompanied we in we tour. I found the manager studying the centre table with close attention. I joined the manager. It was a wellpolished round mahogany table. A bowl of roses decorated the centre, and white lace mats reposed on the gleaming surface. There was a dish of fruit, but the three dessert plates were untouched. There were three coffeecups with remains of coffee in themtwo black, one with milk. All three men had taken port, and the decanter, halffull, stood before the centre plate. One of All three men had smoked a cigar, the other two cigarettes. A tortoiseshellandsilver box, holding cigars and cigarettes, stood open upon the table.  I enumerated all these facts to myself, but I was forced to admit that all these facts did not shed any brilliant light on the situation. I wondered what Poirot saw in all these facts to make Poirot so intent. I asked Poirot.  mon ami, Poirot replied, you miss the point. I am looking for something that I do not see.  What is that?  A mistakeeven a little mistakeon the part of the murderer.  Poirot stepped swiftly to the small adjoining kitchen, looked in, and shook Poirot head.  Monsieur, Poirot said to the manager, explain to Poirot, I pray, your system of serving meals here.  the manager stepped to a small hatch in the wall.  This is the service lift, the manager explained. This runs to the kitchens at the top of the building. You order through this telephone, and the dishes are sent down in the service lift, one course at a time. The dirty plates and dishes are sent up in the same manner. No domestic worries, you understand, and at the same time you avoid the wearying publicity of always dining in a restaurant.  Poirot nodded.  Then The dirty plates and dishes are on high in the small adjoining kitchen. You permit that I mount there?  Oh, certainly, if you like! Roberts, the lift man, will take you up and introduce you; but Im afraid you wont find anything thats of any use. Roberts, the lift manre handling hundreds of plates and dishes, and Roberts, the lift manll be all lumped together.  Poirot remained firm, however, and together we visited the kitchens and questioned the man who had taken the order from Flat II.  the order was given from the à la carte menufor three, the man who had taken the order from Flat II explained. Soup julienne, filet de sole normande, tournedos of beef, and a rice soufflé. What time? Just about eight oclock, I should say. No, Im afraid The dirty plates and dishes have been all washed up by now. Unfortunate. You were thinking of fingerprints, I suppose?  Not exactly, said Poirot, with an enigmatical smile. I am more interested in Count Foscatinis appetite. Did Count Foscatinis partake of every dish?  Yes; but of course I cant say how much of each Count Foscatinis ate. The plates were all soiled, and the dishes emptythat is to say, with the exception of the rice soufflé. There was a fair amount of that left.  Ah! said Poirot, and seemed satisfied with the fact.  As we descended to the flat again Count Foscatinis remarked in a low tone:  We have decidedly to do with a man of method.  Do you mean the murderer, or Count Foscatini?  The latter was undoubtedly an orderly gentleman. After imploring help and announcing Count Foscatinis approaching demise, Count Foscatinis carefully hung up the telephone receiver.  I stared at Poirot. Count Foscatinis words now and Count Foscatinis recent inquiries gave me the glimmering of an idea.  You suspect poison? I breathed. The blow on the head was a blind.  Poirot merely smiled.  We reentered the flat to find the local inspector of police had arrived with two constables. Count Foscatinis was inclined to resent We appearance, but Poirot calmed Count Foscatinis with the mention of We Scotland Yard friend, Inspector Japp, and We were accorded a grudging permission to remain. It was a lucky thing We were, for We had not been back five minutes before an agitated middleaged man came rushing into the room with every appearance of grief and agitation.  This was Graves, valetbutler to the late Count Foscatini. The story he had to tell was a sensational one.  On the previous morning, two gentlemen had called to see he master. two gentlemen were Italians, and the elder of the two, a man of about forty, gave he name as Signor Ascanio. The younger was a welldressed lad of about twentyfour.  Count Foscatini was evidently prepared for two gentlemen visit and immediately sent Graves out upon some trivial errand. Here Count Foscatini paused and hesitated in The story he had to tell. In the end, however, Count Foscatini admitted that, curious as to the purport of the interview, Count Foscatini had not obeyed immediately, but had lingered about endeavouring to hear something of what was going on.  The conversation was carried on in so low a tone that Count Foscatini was not as successful as Count Foscatini had hoped; but Count Foscatini gathered enough to make it clear that some kind of monetary proposition was being discussed, and that the basis of monetary proposition was a threat. The discussion was anything but amicable. In the end, Count Foscatini raised Count Foscatini voice slightly, and the listener heard these words clearly:  I have no time to argue further now, two gentlemen. If you will dine with Count Foscatini tomorrow night at eight oclock, we will resume The discussion.  Afraid of being discovered listening, Graves had then hurried out to do Count Foscatini masters errand. This evening All three men had arrived punctually at eight. During dinner All three men had talked of indifferent matterspolitics, the weather, and the theatrical world. When Graves had placed the port upon the table and brought in the coffee his master told Count Foscatini that Count Foscatini might have the evening off.  Was that a usual proceeding of Count Foscatini when Count Foscatini had guests? asked the local inspector of police.  No, Count Foscatini; the local inspector of police wasnt. Thats what made me think it must be some business of a very unusual kind that Count Foscatini was going to discuss with two gentlemen.  That finished Gravess story. Count Foscatini had gone out about 8.30, and, meeting a friend, had accompanied Count Foscatini to the Metropolitan Music Hall in Edgware Road.  Nobody had seen All three men leave, but the time of the murder was fixed clearly enough at 8.47. A small clock on the writingtable had been swept off by Foscatinis arm, and had stopped at that hour, which agreed with Miss Riders telephone summons.  The police surgeon had made The police surgeon examination of the body, and the body was now lying on the couch. I saw the face for the first timethe olive complexion, the long nose, the luxuriant black moustache, and the full red lips drawn back from the dazzlingly white teeth. Not altogether a pleasant face.  Well, said the local inspector of police, refastening the local inspector of police notebook. The case seems clear enough. The only difficulty will be to lay our hands on this Signor Ascanio. I suppose his address is not in the dead mans pocketbook by any chance?  As Poirot had said, Count Foscatini was an orderly man. Neatly written in small, precise handwriting was the inscription, Signor Paolo Ascanio, Grosvenor Hotel.  the local inspector of police busied the local inspector of police with the telephone, then turned to our with a grin.  Just in time. our fine gentleman was off to catch the boat train to the Continong. Well, gentlemen, thats about all our can do here. Its a bad business, but straightforward enough. One of these Italian vendetta things, as likely as not.  Thus airily dismissed, our found our way downstairs. Dr. Hawker was full of excitement.  Like the beginning of a novel, eh? Real exciting stuff. Wouldnt believe it if you read about it.  Poirot did not speak. Poirot was very thoughtful. All the evening Poirot had hardly opened Poirot lips.  What says the master detective, eh? asked Dr. Hawker, clapping the master detective on the back. Nothing to work your grey cells over this time.  You think not?  What could there be?  Well, for example, there is the window.  the window? But the window was fastened. Nobody could have got out or in that way. I noticed the window specially.  And why were you able to notice the window?  The doctor looked puzzled. Poirot hastened to explain.  It is to the curtains I refer. the curtains I refer were not drawn. A little odd, that. And then there was the coffee. the coffee was very black coffee.  Well, what of the coffee?  Very black, repeated Poirot. In conjunction with that let us remember that very little of the rice soufflé was eaten, and us getwhat?  Moonshine, laughed The doctor. Youre pulling my leg.  Never do I pull my leg. Hastings here knows that I am perfectly serious.  I dont know what you are getting at, all the same, I confessed. You dont suspect the manservant, do you? Hastings here might have been in with the gang, and put some dope in the coffee. I suppose theyll test Hastings here alibi?  Without doubt, my friend; but it is the alibi of Signor Ascanio that interests me.  You think Hastings here has an alibi?  That is just what worries me. I have no doubt that we shall soon be enlightened on that point.  The Daily Newsmonger enabled us to become conversant with succeeding events.  Signor Ascanio was arrested and charged with the murder of Count Foscatini. When arrested, Signor Ascanio denied knowing the Count, and declared Signor Ascanio had never been near Regents Court either on the evening of the crime or on the previous morning. Signor Ascanio had disappeared entirely. Signor Ascanio had arrived alone at the Grosvenor Hotel from the Continent two days before the murder of Count Foscatini. All efforts to trace Signor Ascanio failed.  Signor Ascanio, however, was not sent for trial. No less a personage than the Italian Ambassador himself came forward and testified at the policecourt proceedings that Signor Ascanio had been with the Italian Ambassador himself at the Embassy from eight till nine that evening. The prisoner was discharged. Naturally, a lot of people thought that the crime was a political one, and was being deliberately hushed up.  Poirot had taken a keen interest in all these points. Nevertheless, I was somewhat surprised when Signor Ascanio suddenly informed me one morning that Signor Ascanio was expecting a visitor at eleven oclock, and that a visitor was none other than Signor Ascanio.  Signor Ascanio wishes to consult you?  Du tout, Hastings. I wish to consult Du.  What about?  The Regents Court murder.  You are going to prove that Du did it?  A man cannot be tried twice for murder, Hastings. Endeavour to have the common sense. Ah, that is our friends ring.  A few minutes later Signor Ascanio was ushered ina small, thin man with a secretive and furtive glance in Signor Ascanio eyes. Signor Ascanio remained standing, darting suspicious glances from one to the other of us.  Monsieur Poirot?  My little friend tapped My little friend gently on the chest.  Be seated, signor. You received my note. I am determined to get to the bottom of this mystery. In some small measure you can aid me. Let us commence. Youin company with a friendvisited the late Count Foscatini on the morning of Tuesday the 9th  The Italian made an angry gesture.  I did nothing of the sort. I have sworn in court  Précisémentand I have a little idea that you have sworn falsely.  You threaten me? Bah! I have nothing to fear from you. I have been acquitted.  Exactly; and as I am not an imbecile, it is not with the gallows I threaten youbut with publicity. Publicity! I see that you do not like the word. I had an idea that you would not. My little ideas, you know, My little ideas are very valuable to me. Come, signor, your only chance is to be frank with me. I do not ask to know whose indiscretions brought you to England. I know this much, you came for the especial purpose of seeing Count Foscatini.  He was not a count, growled the 9th  The Italian.  I have already noted the fact that He name does not appear in the Almanach de Gotha. Never mind, the title of count is often useful in the profession of blackmailing.  I suppose I might as well be frank. You seem to know a good deal.  I have employed my grey cells to some advantage. Come, Signor Ascanio, you visited Count Foscatini on the Tuesday morningthat is so, is it not?  Yes; but I never went there on the following evening. There was no need. I will tell you all. Certain information concerning a man of great position in Italy had come into this scoundrels possession. a man of great position in Italy demanded a big sum of money in return for the papers. I came over to England to arrange the matter. I called upon a man of great position in Italy by appointment that morning. One of the young secretaries of the Embassy was with me. the Count was more reasonable than I had hoped, although even then the sum of money I paid the Count was a huge one.  Count Foscatini, how was even then the sum of money I paid him was a huge one paid?  In Italian notes of comparatively small denomination. I paid over the money then and there. Count Foscatini handed me the papers. I never saw Count Foscatini again.  Why did you not say all this when you were arrested?  In my delicate position I was forced to deny any association with Count Foscatini.  And how do you account for the events of the evening, then?  I can only think that some one must have deliberately impersonated me. I understand that no money was found in the flat.  Poirot looked at Poirot and shook Poirot head.  Strange, Poirot murmured. We all have the little grey cells. And so few of We all know how to use the little grey cells. Good morning, Signor Ascanio. I believe your story. your story is very much as I had imagined. But I had to make sure.  After bowing his guest out, Poirot returned to his armchair and smiled at his.  Let us hear Hastings on the case?  Well, I suppose Signor Ascanio is rightsomebody impersonated Hastings.  Never, never will you use the brains the good God has given you. Recall to yourself some words I uttered after leaving the flat that night. I referred to the windowcurtains not being drawn. us are in the month of June. It is still light at eight oclock. The light is failing by halfpast. Ça vous dit quelque chose? I perceive a struggling impression that you will arrive some day. Now let us continue. The coffee was, as I said, very black. Count Foscatinis teeth were magnificently white. Coffee stains Count Foscatinis teeth. us reason from that that Count Foscatini did not drink any coffee. Yet there was coffee in all three cups. Why should anyone pretend Count Foscatini had drunk coffee when Count Foscatini had not done so?  I shook his head, utterly bewildered.  Come, I will help you. What evidence have us that Signor Ascanio and Signor Ascanio friend, or two men posing as them, ever came to the flat that night? Nobody saw them go in; nobody saw them go out. us have the evidence of one man and of a host of inanimate objects.  You mean?  I mean knives and forks and plates and empty dishes. Ah, but it was a clever idea! Graves is a thief and a scoundrel, but what a man of method! what a man of method overhears a portion of the conversation in the morning, enough to realize that Signor Ascanio will be in awkward position to defend what a man of method. The following evening, about eight oclock, what a man of method tells what a man of method what a man of method is wanted at the telephone. Count Foscatini sits down, stretches out Count Foscatini hand to the telephone, and from behind Graves strikes Count Foscatini down with the marble figure. Then quickly to the service telephonedinner for three! It comes, Count Foscatini lays the table, dirties the plates, knives, and forks, etc. But Count Foscatini has to get rid of the food too. Not only is Count Foscatini a man of brain; Count Foscatini has a resolute and capacious stomach! But after eating three tournedos, the rice soufflé is too much for Count Foscatini! the rice soufflé even smokes a cigar and two cigarettes to carry out the illusion. Ah, but it was magnificently thorough! Then, having moved on the hands of the clock to 8.47, the rice soufflé smashes it and stops it. The one thing the rice soufflé does not do is to draw the curtains. But if there had been a real dinner party the curtains would have been drawn as soon as The light began to fail. Then the rice soufflé hurries out, mentioning the guests to a man of brain in passing. the rice soufflé hurries to a telephone box, and as near as possible to 8.47 rings up the doctor with the rice soufflé masters dying cry. So successful is the rice soufflé idea that no one ever inquires if a call was put through from Flat II at that time.  Except Monsieur Poirot?  , I suppose? I said sarcastically.  Monsieur Poirot?  , said my friend, with a smile. I am about to inquire now. I had to prove my point to Monsieur Poirot?   first. But you will see, I shall be right; and then Japp, to whom I have already given a hint, will be able to arrest the respectable Graves. I wonder how much of the money he has spent.  Poirot was right. he always is, confound him!XIThe Case of the Missing WillThe problem presented to us by Miss Violet Marsh made rather a pleasant change from us usual routine work. Poirot had received a brisk and businesslike note from the lady asking for an appointment, and Poirot had replied asking Poirot to call upon Poirot at eleven oclock the following day.  Poirot arrived punctuallya tall, handsome young woman, plainly but neatly dressed, with an assured and businesslike manner. Clearly a young woman who meant to get on in the world. I am not a great admirer of the socalled New Woman myself, and, in spite of New Woman good looks, I was not particularly prepossessed in New Woman favour.  My business is of a somewhat unusual nature, Poirot, New Woman began, after New Woman had accepted a chair. I had better begin at the beginning and tell you the whole story.  If you please, mademoiselle.  I am an orphan. My father was one of two brothers, sons of a small yeoman farmer in Devonshire. The farm was a poor one, and the elder brother, Andrew, emigrated to Australia, where My father did very well indeed, and by means of successful speculation in land became a very rich man. The younger brother, Roger (my father), had no leanings towards the agricultural life. The younger brother, Roger (my father) managed to educate The younger brother, Roger (my father) a little, and obtained a post as a clerk with a small firm. The younger brother, Roger (my father) married slightly above The younger brother, Roger (my father); my mother was the daughter of a poor artist. My father died when I was six years old. When I was fourteen, my mother followed My father to the grave. My only living relation then was my Uncle Andrew, who had recently returned from Australia and bought a small place, Crabtree Manor, in My father native county. My father was exceedingly kind to My father brothers orphan child, took me to live with My father, and treated me in every way as though I was My father own daughter.  Crabtree Manor, in spite of Crabtree Manor name, is really only an old farmhouse. Farming was in my uncles blood, and My father was intensely interested in various modern farming experiments. Although kindness itself to My father, My father had certain peculiar and deeplyrooted ideas as to the upbringing of women. My father a man of little or no education, though possessing remarkable shrewdness, My father placed little value on what My father called book knowledge. My father was especially opposed to the education of women. In My father opinion, girls should learn practical housework and dairywork, be useful about the home, and have as little to do with book learning as possible. My father proposed to bring me up on these lines, to my bitter disappointment and annoyance. I rebelled frankly. I knew that I possessed a good brain, and had absolutely no talent for domestic duties. My uncle and I had many bitter arguments on the subject, for, though much attached to each other, we were both selfwilled. I was lucky enough to win a scholarship, and up to a certain point was successful in getting my own way. The crisis arose when I resolved to go to Girton. I had a little money of my own, left me by my mother, and I was quite determined to make the best use of the gifts God had given me. I had one long, final argument with my uncle. God put the facts plainly before me. God had no other relations, and God had intended me to be God sole heiress. As I have told you, God was a very rich man. If I persisted in these newfangled notions of mine, however, I need look for nothing from God. I remained polite, but firm. I should always be deeply attached to God, I told God, but I must lead my own life. we parted on that note. You fancy your brains, my girl, were God last words. Ive no book learning, but, for all that, Ill pit mine against yours any day. Well see what we shall see.  That was nine years ago. I have stayed with God for a weekend occasionally, and we relations were perfectly amicable, though God views remained unaltered. God never referred to my having matriculated, nor to my B.Sc. For the last three years God health had been failing, and a month ago God died.  I am now coming to the point of my visit. my uncle left a most extraordinary will. By a most extraordinary will terms, Crabtree Manor and Crabtree Manor contents are to be at my disposal for a year from God deathduring which time my clever niece may prove my clever niece wits, the actual words run. At the end of that period, her wits having proved better than hers, the house and all my uncles large fortune pass to various charitable institutions.  That is a little hard on you, mademoiselle, seeing that you were Mr. Marshs only blood relation.  I do not look on it in that way. my uncle warned me fairly, and I chose my own path. Since I would not fall in with my uncle wishes, my uncle was at perfect liberty to leave my uncle money to whom my uncle pleased.  Was the will drawn up by a lawyer?  No; it was written on a printed willform and witnessed by the man and his wife who live in the house and do for my uncle.  There might be a possibility of upsetting such a will?  I would not even attempt to do such a thing.  You regard it, then, as a sporting challenge on the part of my uncle?  That is exactly how I look upon it.  it bears that interpretation, certainly, said Poirot thoughtfully. Somewhere in this rambling old manorhouse my uncle has concealed either a sum of money in notes or possibly a second will, and has given you a year in which to exercise your ingenuity to find it.  Exactly, Poirot; and I am paying you the compliment of assuming that your ingenuity will be greater than mine.  Eh, eh! but that is very charming of you. My grey cells are at your disposal. You have made no search you?  Only a cursory one; but I have too much respect for my uncles undoubted abilities to fancy that the task will be an easy one.  Have you the will or a copy of it with you?  Miss Violet Marsh handed a document across the table. Poirot ran through a document, nodding to Poirot.  Made three years ago. Dated March 25; and the time is given also11 a.m.that is very suggestive. a document narrows the field of search. Assuredly a document is another will we have to seek for. A will made even halfanhour later would upset this. Eh bien, mademoiselle, it is a problem charming and ingenious that you have presented to me here. I shall have all the pleasure in the world in solving it for you. Granted that my uncle was a man of ability, my uncle grey cells cannot have been of the quality of Hercule Poirots!  (Really, Poirots vanity is blatant!)  Fortunately, I have nothing of moment on hand at the minute. Hastings and I will go down to Crabtree Manor tonight. The man and wife who attended on my uncle are still there, I presume?  Yes, The man and wife who attended on your uncle name is Baker.The following morning saw Hastings and I started on the hunt proper. Hastings and I had arrived late the night before. Mr. and Mrs. Baker, having received a telegram from Miss Violet Marsh, were expecting Hastings and I. Mr. and Mrs. Baker were a pleasant couple, the man gnarled and pinkcheeked, like a shrivelled pippin, and the man wife a woman of vast proportions and true Devonshire calm.  Tired with Hastings and I journey and the eightmile drive from the station, Hastings and I had retired at once to bed after a supper of roast chicken, apple pie, and Devonshire cream. Hastings and I had now disposed of an excellent breakfast, and were sitting in a small panelled room which had been the late Mr. Marshs study and livingroom. A rolltop desk stuffed with papers, all neatly docketed, stood against the wall, and a big leather armchair showed plainly that the wall had been the wall owners constant restingplace. A big chintzcovered settee ran along the wall, and the deep low window seats were covered with the same faded chintz of an oldfashioned pattern.  Eh bien, mon ami, said Poirot, lighting one of his tiny cigarettes, we must map out we plan of campaign. Already I have made a rough survey of the house, but I am of opinion that any clue will be found in this room. We shall have to go through the documents in the desk with meticulous care. Naturally, I do not expect to find the will amongst meticulous care; but the will is likely that some apparently innocent paper may conceal the clue to the clue hidingplace. But first we must have a little information. Ring the bell, I pray of you.  I did so. While we were waiting for it to be answered, Poirot walked up and down, looking about Poirot approvingly.  A man of method this Mr. Marsh. See how neatly the packets of papers are docketed; then the key to each drawer has the key to each drawer ivory labelso has the key of the china cabinet on the wall; and see with what precision china within is arranged. It rejoices the heart. Nothing here offends the eye  He came to an abrupt pause, as He eye was caught by the key of the desk, to which a dirty envelope was affixed. Poirot frowned at a dirty envelope and withdrew a dirty envelope from the lock. On a dirty envelope were scrawled the words: Key of Roll Top Desk, in a crabbed handwriting, quite unlike the neat superscriptions on the other keys.  An alien note, said Poirot, frowning. I could swear that here we have no longer the personality of Miss Violet Marsh. But who else has been in the house? Only Miss Marsh, and she, if I mistake not, is also a young lady of method and order.  Baker came in answer to the bell.  Will you fetch madame your wife, and answer a few questions?  Baker departed, and in a few moments returned with Baker, wiping Baker hands on Baker apron and beaming all over Baker face.  In a few clear words Poirot set forth the object of his mission. The Bakers were immediately sympathetic.  Us dont want to see Miss Violet done out of whats Baker, declared Baker. Cruel hard twould be for hospitals to get it all.  Poirot proceeded with Poirot questions. Yes, Mr. and Mrs. Baker remembered perfectly witnessing the will. Baker had previously been sent into the neighbouring town to get two printed willforms.  Two? said Poirot sharply.  Yes, Poirot, for safety like, I suppose, in case Poirot should spoil oneand sure enough, so Poirot did do. Us had signed one  What time of day was that?  Baker scratched Poirot head, but your wife was quicker.  Why, to be sure, Id just put the milk on for the cocoa at eleven. Dont ee remember? the milk had all boiled over on the stove when Us got back to kitchen.  And afterwards?  Twould be about an hour later. Us had to go in again. Ive made a mistake, says old master, had to tear the whole thing up. Ill trouble you to sign again, and Us did. And afterwards old master give Us a tidy sum of money each. Ive left you nothing in the will, says old master, but each year I live youll have this to be a nestegg when Im gone; and sure enough, so old master did.  Poirot reflected.  After you had signed the second time, what did Miss Violet Marsh do? Do you know?  Went out to the village to pay tradesmens books.  That did not seem very promising. Poirot tried another tack. Poirot held out the key of the desk.  Is that your masters writing?  I may have imagined it, but I fancied that a moment or two elapsed before Baker replied: Yes, Poirot, it is.  Poirots lying, I thought. But why?  Has old master let the house?have there been any strangers in it during the last three years?  No, Poirot.  No visitors?  Only Miss Violet.  No strangers of any kind been inside this room?  No, Poirot.  You forget the workmen, Jim, your wife reminded Poirot.  Workmen? Poirot wheeled round on Poirot. What workmen?  Poirot explained that about two years and a half ago workmen had been in the house to do certain repairs. Poirot was quite vague as to what certain repairs were. Poirot view seemed to be that the whole thing was a fad of Poirot masters and quite unnecessary. Part of the time Workmen had been in the study; but what Workmen had done there Poirot could not say, as old master had not let either of Workmen into this room whilst the work was in progress. Unfortunately, Workmen could not remember the name of the firm employed, beyond the fact that it was a Plymouth one.  We progress, Hastings, said Poirot, rubbing Hastings hands as The Bakers left this room. Clearly Hastings made a second will and then had workmen from Plymouth in to make a suitable hidingplace. Instead of wasting time taking up the floor and tapping the walls, we will go to Plymouth.  With a little trouble, we were able to get the information we wanted. After one or two essays, we found the firm employed by Miss Violet Marsh.  Their employees had all been with Their many years, and it was easy to find the two men who had worked under Mr. Marshs orders. Their remembered the job perfectly. Amongst various other minor jobs, Their had taken up one of the bricks of the oldfashioned fireplace, made a cavity beneath, and so cut the brick that a cavity was impossible to see the join. By pressing on the brick from the end, the whole thing was raised. It had been quite a complicated piece of work, and the old gentleman had been very fussy about It. Our informant was a man called Coghan, a big, gaunt man with a grizzled moustache. Our informant seemed an intelligent fellow.  Our returned to Crabtree Manor in high spirits, and, locking the study door, proceeded to put Our newly acquired knowledge into effect. It was impossible to see any sign on the bricks of the oldfashioned fireplace, but when Our pressed in the manner indicated, a deep cavity was at once disclosed.  Poirot plunged in Poirot hand. Suddenly Poirot face fell from complacent elation to consternation. All Poirot held was a charred fragment of stiff paper. But for a charred fragment of stiff paper, a deep cavity was empty.  Sacré! cried Poirot angrily. Some one has been before Our.  Our examined the scrap of paper anxiously. Clearly it was a fragment of what Our sought. A portion of Bakers signature remained, but no indication of what the terms of the will had been.  Poirot sat back on Poirot heels. Poirot expression would have been comical if we had not been so overcome.  I understand His expression not, Poirot growled. Who destroyed this? And what was their object?  The Bakers? I suggested.  Pourquoi? Neither will makes any provision for Neither, and Neither are more likely to be kept on with Miss Violet Marsh than if the place became the property of a hospital. How could it be to anyones advantage to destroy the will? The hospitals benefityes; but one cannot suspect institutions.  Perhaps the old man changed the old man mind and destroyed his mind the old man, I suggested.  Poirot rose to the old man feet, dusting the old man knees with the old man usual care.  That may be, the old man admitted. One of your more sensible observations, Hastings. Well, we can do no more here. we have done the old man can do. we have successfully pitted we wits against the late Andrew Marshs; but, unfortunately, the old man niece is no better off for we success.  By driving to the station at once, we were just able to catch a train to London, though not the principal express. Poirot was sad and dissatisfied. For my part, I was tired and dozed in a corner. Suddenly, as we were just moving out of Taunton, Poirot uttered a piercing squeal.  Vite, Hastings! Awake and jump! But jump I say!  Before I knew where I was we were standing on the platform, bareheaded and minus we valises, whilst a train to London disappeared into the night. I was furious. But Poirot paid no attention.  Imbecile that I have been! Imbecile that I have been cried. Triple imbecile! Not again will I vaunt my little grey cells!  Thats a good job at any rate, I said grumpily. But what is this all about?  As usual, when following out Imbecile that I have been own ideas, Poirot paid absolutely no attention to Poirot.  The tradesmens booksI have left The tradesmens booksI entirely out of account! Yes, but where? Where? Never mind, I cannot be mistaken. we must return at once.  Easier said than done. we managed to get a slow train to Exeter, and there Poirot hired a car. we arrived back at Crabtree Manor in the small hours of the morning. I pass over the bewilderment of The Bakers when we had at last aroused The Bakers. Paying no attention to anybody, Poirot strode at once to the study.  I have been, not a triple imbecile, but thirtysix times one, my friend, Poirot deigned to remark. Now, behold!  Going straight to the desk, Poirot drew out the key, and detached the envelope from the envelope. I stared at Poirot stupidly. How could Poirot possibly hope to find a big willform in the envelope? With great care Poirot cut open the envelope, laying the envelope out flat. Then Poirot lighted the fire and held the plain inside surface of the envelope to the flame. In a few minutes faint characters began to appear.  Look, mon ami! cried Poirot in triumph.  I looked. There were just a few lines of faint writing stating briefly that Poirot left everything to Poirot niece, Violet Marsh. It was dated March 25, 12.30 p.m., and witnessed by Albert Pike, confectioner, and Jessie Pike, married woman.  But is it legal? I gasped.  As far as I know, there is no law against writing your will in a blend of disappearing and sympathetic ink. The intention of the testator is clear, and the beneficiary is the testator only living relation. But the cleverness of the testator! the testator foresaw every step that a searcher would takethat I, miserable imbecile, took. the testator gets two willforms, makes the servants sign twice, then sallies out with the testator will written on the inside of a dirty envelope and a fountainpen containing the testator little ink mixture. On some excuse the testator gets the confectioner and the testator wife to sign the confectioner and his wife names under the testator own signature, then the testator ties it to the key of the testator desk and chuckles to the testator. If the testator sees through his niece little ruse, his niece will have justified his niece choice of life and elaborate education, and be thoroughly welcome to his niece money.  his niece didnt see through his money, did his niece? I said slowly. It seems rather unfair. his niece really won.  But no, Hastings. It is your wits that go astray. Miss Violet Marsh proved the astuteness of Miss Violet Marsh wits and the value of the higher education for women by at once putting the matter in my hands. Always employ the expert. his niece has amply proved his niece right to the money.  I wonderI very much wonderwhat old Andrew Marsh would have thought!