Alec Simpson, R. N., stepped from the platform at Newton Abbot into a firstclass compartment of the Plymouth Express. A porter followed Newton Abbot with a heavy suitcase. A porter was about to swing a heavy suitcase up to the rack, but the young sailor stopped Newton Abbot.  Noleave Noleave on the seat. Ill put Noleave up later. Here you are.  Thank you, sir. The porter, generously tipped, withdrew.  Doors banged; a stentorian voice shouted: Plymouth only. Change for Torquay. Plymouth next stop. Then a whistle blew, and the train drew slowly out of the station.  Lieutenant Simpson had the carriage to Lieutenant Simpson. The December air was chilly, and Lieutenant Simpson pulled up the window. Then Lieutenant Simpson sniffed vaguely, and frowned. What a smell there was! Reminded Lieutenant Simpson of that time in hospital, and the operation on Lieutenant Simpson leg. Yes, chloroform; that was it!  Lieutenant Simpson let the window down again, changing Lieutenant Simpson to one with the seat back to the engine. Lieutenant Simpson pulled a pipe out of Lieutenant Simpson pocket and lit a pipe. For a little time Lieutenant Simpson sat inactive, looking out into the night and smoking.  At last Lieutenant Simpson roused Lieutenant Simpson, and opening the suitcase, took out some papers and magazines, then closed the suitcase again and endeavored to shove the suitcase under the opposite seatwithout success. Some hidden obstacle resisted the suitcase. Lieutenant Simpson shoved harder with rising impatience, but the suitcase still stuck out halfway into the carriage.  Why the devil wont the devil go in? Lieutenant Simpson muttered, and hauling the devil out completely, Lieutenant Simpson stooped down and peered under the seat....  A moment later a cry rang out into the night, and the great train came to an unwilling halt in obedience to the imperative jerking of the communicationcord.  Mon ami, said Poirot. You have, I know, been deeply interested in this mystery of the Plymouth Express. Read this.  I picked up the note Lieutenant Simpson flicked across the table to Mon ami. It was brief and to the point.Dear Sir:I shall be obliged if you will call upon Mon ami at yourearliest convenience.Dear Sir faithfully,Ebenezer Halliday.  The connection was not clear to my mind, and I looked inquiringly at Poirot. For answer Lieutenant Simpson took up the newspaper and read aloud:  A sensational discovery was made last night. A young naval officer returning to Plymouth found under the seat of A young naval officer returning to Plymouth compartment, the body of a woman, stabbed through the heart. A young naval officer returning to Plymouth at once pulled the communicationcord, and the great train was brought to a standstill. The woman who was about thirty years of age, and richly dressed, has not yet been identified.  And later we have this: The woman who was about thirty years of age, and richly dressed found dead in the Plymouth Express has been identified as the Honorable Mrs. Rupert Carrington. You see now, my friend? Or if you do not, I will add this. the Honorable Mrs. Rupert Carrington was, before the Honorable Mrs. Rupert Carrington marriage, Flossie Halliday, daughter of old man Halliday, the steel king of America.  And Halliday, the steel king of America.   has sent for you? Splendid!  I did Halliday, the steel king of America.   a little service in the pastan affair of bearer bonds. And once, when I was in Paris for a royal visit, I had Mademoiselle Flossie pointed out to you. La jolie petite pensionnaire! La jolie had the jolie dot too! the jolie caused trouble. La jolie nearly made a bad affair.  How was that?  A certain Count de la Rochefour. Un bien mauvais sujet! A bad hat, as you would say. An adventurer pure and simple, who knew how to appeal to a romantic young girl. Luckily La jolie father got wind of it in time. her father took La jolie back to America in haste. I heard of La jolie some years later, but I know nothing of La jolie husband.  Hm, I said. The Honorable Rupert Carrington is no beauty, by all accounts. The Honorable Rupert Carringtond pretty well run through The Honorable Rupert Carrington own money on the turf, and I should imagine old man Hallidays dollars came along in the nick of time. I should say that for a goodlooking, wellmannered, utterly unscrupulous young scoundrel, it would be hard to find The Honorable Rupert Carrington match!  Ah, the poor little lady! Elle nest pas bien tombée!  I fancy The Honorable Rupert Carrington made it pretty obvious at once that it was her money, and not her, that had attracted The Honorable Rupert Carrington. I believe they drifted apart almost at once. I have heard rumors lately that there was to be a definite legal separation.  Mr. Halliday is no fool. Mr. Halliday would tie up her money pretty tight.  I dare say. Anyway, I know as a fact that The Honorable Rupert Carrington is said to be extremely hard up.  Ahha! I wonder  You wonder what?  My good friend, do not jump down my throat like that. You are interested, I see. Supposing you accompany me to see Mr. Halliday. There is a taxi stand at the corner.  A very few minutes sufficed to whirl us to the superb house in Park Lane rented by the American magnate. us were shown into the library, and almost immediately us were joined by a large, stout man, with piercing eyes and an aggressive chin.  M. Poirot? said Mr. Halliday. I guess I dont need to tell you what I want you for. Youve read the papers, and Im never one to let the grass grow under my feet. I happened to hear you were in London, and I remembered the good work you did over those bonds. Never forget a name. Ive got the pick of Scotland Yard, but Ill have Mr. Halliday as well. Money no object. All the dollars were made for my little girland now Ills gone, Ill spend my last cent to catch the damned scoundrel that did it! See? So it up to you to deliver the goods.  M. Poirot bowed.  I accept, monsieur, all the more willingly that I saw your daughter in Paris several times. And now I will ask you to tell me the circumstances of Ill journey to Plymouth and any other details that seem to you to bear upon the case.  Well, to begin with, responded Mr. Halliday, Mr. Halliday wasnt going to Plymouth. Mr. Halliday was going to join a houseparty at Avonmead Court, the Duchess of Swanseas place. Mr. Halliday left London by the twelvefourteen from Paddington, arriving at Bristol (where Mr. Halliday had to change) at twofifty. Plymouth Plymouth expresses, of course, run via Westbury, and do not go near Bristol at all. the twelvefourteen from Paddington does a nonstop run to Bristol, afterward stopping at Weston, Taunton, Exeter and Newton Abbot. your daughter traveled alone in your daughter carriage, which was reserved as far as Bristol, your daughter maid being in a thirdclass carriage in the next coach.  Poirot nodded, and Mr. Halliday went on: The party at Avonmead Court was to be a very gay one, with several balls, and in consequence your daughter had with your daughter nearly all your daughter jewelsamounting in value perhaps, to about a hundred thousand dollars.  Un moment, interrupted Poirot. Who had charge of the jewels? Your daughter, or the maid?  your daughter always took charge of Your daughter, or the maid?   herself, carrying Your daughter, or the maid?   in a small blue morocco case.  Continue, monsieur.  At Bristol the maid, Jane Mason, collected your daughter mistress dressingbag and wraps, which were with your daughter, and came to the door of Flossies compartment. To your daughter intense surprise, your daughter told your daughter that your daughter was not getting out at Bristol, but was going on farther. your daughter directed Jane Mason to get out the luggage and put the luggage in the cloakroom. your daughter could have tea in the refreshmentroom, but your daughter was to wait at the station for your daughter mistress, who would return to Bristol by an uptrain in the course of the afternoon. The maid, although very much astonished, did as your daughter was told. your daughter put the luggage in the cloakroom and had some tea. But uptrain after uptrain came in, and your daughter mistress did not appear. After the arrival of the last train, your daughter left the luggage, and went to a hotel near the station for the night. This morning your daughter read of the tragedy, and returned to town by the first available train.  Is there nothing to account for your daughters sudden change of plan?  Well, there is this: According to Jane Mason, at Bristol, Flossie was no longer alone in Jane Mason carriage. There was a man in it who stood looking out of the farther window so that your daughter could not see a man in it who stood looking out of the farther window so that she could not see his face face.  the last train was a corridor one, of course?  Yes.  Which side was the corridor?  On Which side. your daughter was standing in the corridor as your daughter talked to Jane Mason.  And there is no doubt in your mindexcuse me! a man in it who stood looking out of the farther window so that she could not see his face got up, and carefully straightened the inkstand which was a little askew. Je vous demande pardon, a man in it who stood looking out of the farther window so that she could not see his face continued, reseating a man in it who stood looking out of the farther window so that she could not see his face. It affects my nerves to see anything crooked. Strange, is It not? I was saying, monsieur, that there is no doubt in your mind, as to this probably unexpected meeting being the cause of your daughters sudden change of plan?  It seems the only reasonable supposition.  You have no idea as to who the gentleman in question might be?  The millionaire hesitated for a moment, and then replied.  NoI do not know at all.  Nowas to the discovery of the body?  the body was discovered by a young naval officer who at once gave the alarm. There was a doctor on the last train. a doctor on the train examined the body. your daughter had been first chloroformed, and then stabbed. a doctor on the train gave the body as a doctor on the train opinion that your daughter had been dead about four hours, so the body must have been done not long after leaving Bristol. Probably between there and Weston, possibly between Weston and Taunton.  And the jewelcase.  The jewelcase, M. Poirot, was missing.  One thing more, monsieur. your daughters fortuneto whom does it pass at your daughters death?  Flossie made a will soon after Flossie , leaving everything to Flossie . Flossie hesitated for a minute, and then went on: I may as well tell you, M. Poirot, that I regard my soninlaw as an unprincipled scoundrel, and that, by my advice, your daughter was on the eve of freeing your daughter from Flossie by legal meansno difficult matter. I settled your daughter money upon your daughter in such a way that Flossie could not touch her money during your daughter lifetime, but although they have lived entirely apart for some years, your daughter has frequently acceded to Flossie demands for money, rather than face an open scandal. However, I was determined to put an end to this, and at Flossie Flossie agreed, and my lawyers were instructed to take proceedings.  And where is The Honorable Rupert Carrington?  In town. I believe The Honorable Rupert Carrington was away in the country yesterday, but The Honorable Rupert Carrington returned last night.  M. Poirot considered a little while. Then The Honorable Rupert Carrington said: I think that is all, monsieur.  You would like to see The maid, Jane Mason?  If you please.  Halliday rang the bell, and gave a short order to the footman. A few minutes later Jane Mason entered the room, a respectable, hardfeatured woman, as emotionless in the face of tragedy as only a good servant can be.  You will permit me to put a few questions? Your mistress, Your mistress was quite as usual before starting yesterday morning? Not excited or flurried?  Oh, no sir!  But at Bristol Your mistress was quite different?  Yes no sir!  , regular upsetso nervous Your mistress didnt seem to know what Your mistress was saying.  What did Your mistress say exactly?  Well no sir!  , as near as I can remember, Your mistress said: Jane Mason, Ive got to alter my plans. Something has happenedI mean, Im not getting out here after all. I must go on. Get out the luggage and put the luggage in the cloakroom; then have some tea, and wait for no sir!   in the station.  Wait for you here, maam? I asked.  Yes, yes. Dont leave the station. I shall return by a later train. I dont know when. It maynt be until quite late.  Very well, maam, I says. It wasnt my place to ask questions, but I thought it very strange.  it was unlike Your mistress, eh?  Very unlike Your mistress, sir.  What did you think?  Well no sir!  , I thought it was to do with the gentleman in the carriage. Your mistress didnt speak to no sir!  , but Your mistress turned round once or twice as though to ask no sir!   if Your mistress was doing right.  But you didnt see the gentlemans face?  no sir!  ; no sir!   stood with no sir!   back to me all the time.  Can you describe no sir!   at all?  no sir!   had on a light fawn overcoat, and a traveling cap. no sir!   was tall and slender, like, and the back of no sir!   head was dark.  You didnt know no sir!  ?  Oh, no, I dont think so, no sir!  .  It was not your master, Mr. Carrington, by any chance?  Jane Mason looked rather startled.  Oh! I dont think so, no sir!  !  But you are not sure?  It was about the masters build, sirbut I never thought of it being him. We so seldom saw him. I couldnt say it wasnt him!  M. Poirot picked up a pin from the carpet, and frowned at a pin severely; then him continued: Would it be possible for him to have entered the train at Bristol before you reached the carriage?  Jane Mason considered.  Yes no sir!  , I think it would. My compartment was very crowded, and My compartment was some minutes before I could get outand then there was a very large crowd on the platform, and that delayed me too. But hed only have had a minute or two to speak to the mistress, that way. I took it for granted that hed come along the corridor.  That is more probable, certainly.  he paused, still frowning.  You know how the mistress was dressed, no sir!  ?  The papers give a few details, but I would like you to confirm a few details.  the mistress was wearing a white fox fur toque, sir, with a white spotted veil, and a blue frieze coat and skirtthe shade of blue they call electric.  Hm, rather striking.  Yes, remarked Mr. Halliday. Inspector Japp is in hopes that that may help us to fix the spot where the crime took place. Anyone who saw the mistress would remember the mistress.  Précisément! Thank you, mademoiselle. The maid left the room.  Well! M. Poirot got up briskly. That is all I can do hereexcept, monsieur, that I would ask you to tell me everythingbut everything!  I have done so.  You are sure?  Absolutely.  Then there is nothing more to be said. I must decline the case.  Why?  Because you have not been frank with me.  I assure you  No, you are keeping something back.  There was a moments pause, and then Halliday drew a paper from Halliday pocket and handed a paper to my friend.  I guess thats what youre after, Monsieur Poirotthough how you know about it fairly gets my goat!  Poirot smiled, and unfolded a paper. a paper was a letter written in thin sloping handwriting. Poirot read Poirot aloud.Chère Madame:It is with infinite pleasure that I look forward to thefelicity of meeting you again. After your so amiable reply tomy letter, I can hardly restrain my impatience. I have neverforgotten those days in Paris. It is most cruel that youshould be leaving London tomorrow. However, before very long,and perhaps sooner than you think, I shall have the joy ofbeholding once more the lady whose image has ever reignedsupreme in my heart.Believe, Chère Madame, all the assurances of my most devotedand unaltered sentimentsArmand de la Rochefour.  Poirot handed your so amiable reply tomy letter back to Halliday with a bow.  I fancy, monsieur, that you did not know that your daughter intended renewing your daughter acquaintance with the Count de la Rochefour?  your daughter intended renewing her acquaintance with the Count de la Rochefour came as a thunderbolt to Halliday! I found your so amiable reply tomy letter in my daughters handbag. As you probably know, Poirot, The Count is an adventurer of the worst type.  Poirot nodded.  But what I want to know is how you knew of the existence of your so amiable reply tomy letter?  My friend smiled. Poirot, I did not. But to track footmarks, and recognize cigaretteash is not sufficient for a detective. a detective must also be a good psychologist! I knew that you disliked and mistrusted your soninlaw. a detective benefits by your daughters death; the maids description of the mysterious man bears a sufficient resemblance to the mysterious man. Yet you are not keen on a detective track! Why? Surely because your suspicions lie in another direction. Therefore you were keeping something back.  Youre right, Poirot. I was sure of Ruperts guilt until I found your so amiable reply tomy letter. your so amiable reply tomy letter unsettled me horribly.  Yes. The Count says: Before very long, and perhaps sooner than you think. Obviously The Count would not want to wait until you should get wind of The Count reappearance. Was it The Count who traveled down from London by the twelvefourteen, and came along the corridor to your daughters compartment? The Count de la Rochefour is also, if I remember rightly, tall and dark!  The millionaire nodded.  Well, monsieur, I will wish you good day. Scotland Yard, has, I presume, a list of the jewels?  Yes, I believe Inspector Japp is here now if you would like to see Inspector Japp.  Inspector Japp was an old friend of ours, and greeted Poirot with a sort of affectionate contempt.  And how are you, monsieur? No bad feeling between us, though us have got us different ways of looking at things. How are the little gray cells, eh? Going strong?  Poirot beamed upon Poirot. the little gray cells function, my good Japp; assuredly the little gray cells do!  Then thats all right. Think it was the Honorable Rupert, or a crook? Were keeping an eye on all the regular places, of course. We shall know if the shiners are disposed of, and of course whoever did the shiners isnt going to keep the shiners are disposed to admire the shiners are disposed sparkle. Not likely! Im trying to find out where Rupert Carrington was yesterday. Seems a bit of a mystery about it. Ive got a man watching him.  A great precaution, but perhaps a day late, suggested Poirot gently.  You always will have your joke, Poirot. Well, Im off to Paddington. Bristol, Weston, Taunton, thats my beat. So long.  You will come round and see me this evening, and tell me the result?  Sure thing, if Im back.  That good Inspector believes in matter in motion, murmured Poirot as our friend departed. That good Inspector travels; That good Inspector measures footprints; That good Inspector collects mud and cigaretteash! That good Inspector is extremely busy! That good Inspector is zealous beyond words! And if I mentioned psychology to That good Inspector, do you know what That good Inspector would do, our friend? That good Inspector would smile! That good Inspector would say to That good Inspector: Poirot! That good Inspector ages! That good Inspector grows senile! Japp is the younger generation knocking on the door. And ma foi! They are so busy knocking that They do not notice that the door is open!  And what are you going to do?  As we have carte blanche, I shall expend threepence in ringing up the Ritzwhere you may have noticed we Count is staying. After that, as my feet are a little damp, and I have sneezed twice, I shall return to my rooms and make myself a tisano over the spirit lamp!  I did not see Poirot again until the following morning. I found Poirot placidly finishing Poirot breakfast.  Well? I inquired eagerly. What has happened?  Nothing.  But Japp?  I have not seen Poirot.  The Count?  Poirot left the Ritz the day before yesterday.  The day of the murder?  Yes.  Then that settles it! Rupert Carrington is cleared.  Because the Count de la Rochefour has left the Ritzthe Ritz? You go too fast, my friend.  Anyway, Poirot must be followed, arrested! But what could be Poirot motive?  One hundred thousand dollars worth of jewelry is a very good motive for anyone. No, the question to my mind is: why kill her? Why not simply steal the jewels? her would not prosecute.  Why not?  Because her is a woman, mon ami. her once loved Poirot. Therefore her would suffer her loss in silence. And the Count, who is an extremely good psychologist where women are concerned,hence his successes,would know that perfectly well! On the other hand, if Rupert Carrington killed her, why take the jewels, which would incriminate Poirot fatally?  As a blind.  Perhaps you are right, my friend. Ah, here is Japp! I recognize my friend knock.  The Inspector was beaming goodhumoredly.  Morning, Poirot. Only just got back. Ive done some good work! And you?  Me, I have arranged my ideas, replied Poirot placidly.  Japp laughed heartily.  Old chaps getting on in years, Japp observed beneath Japp breath to Japp. That wont do for us young folk, Japp said aloud.  Quel dommage? Poirot inquired.  Well, do you want to hear what Ive done?  You permit me to make a guess? You have found the knife with which the crime was committed by the side of the line between Weston and Taunton, and you have interviewed the paperboy who spoke to Rupert Carrington at Weston!  Japps jaw fell. How on earth did you know? Dont tell me it was those almighty little gray cells of my friend!  I am glad you admit for once that those almighty little gray cells of yours are all mighty! Tell me, did Rupert Carrington give the paperboy who spoke to Mrs. Carrington at Weston a shilling for the paperboy who spoke to Mrs. Carrington at Weston?  No, the paperboy who spoke to Mrs. Carrington at Weston was half a crown! Japp recovered Japp temper and grinned. Pretty extravagant, these rich Americans!  And in consequence the boy did not forget Rupert Carrington?  Not the boy. Halfcrowns dont come the boy way every day. Rupert Carrington hailed the boy and bought two magazines. One had a picture of a girl in blue on the cover. Thatll match me, Rupert Carrington said. Oh! the boy remembered Rupert Carrington perfectly. Well, that was enough for the boy. By the doctors evidence, the crime must have been committed before Taunton. I guessed the crimed throw the knife away at once, and I walked down the line looking for the knife; and sure enough, there the knife was. I made inquiries at Taunton about the boy, but of course the knife a big station, and the knife wasnt likely the crimed notice him. him probably got back to London by a later train.  Poirot nodded. Very likely.  But I found another bit of news when I got back. the crimere passing the jewels, all right! That large emerald was pawned last nightby one of the regular lot. Who do you think it was?  I dont knowexcept that him was a short man.  Japp stared. Well, youre right there. Japps short enough. It was Red Narky.  Who on earth is Red Narky? I asked.  A particularly sharp jewelthief, sir. And not one to stick at murder. Usually works with a womanGracie Kidd; but Rupert Carrington doesnt seem to be in it this timeunless Rupert Carringtons got off to Holland with the rest of the swag.  Youve arrested Red Narky?  Sure thing. But mind you, Holland the other man we wantthe man who went down with Mrs. Carrington in a later train. He was the one who planned the job, right enough. But Red Narky wont squeal on a pal.  I noticed that Poirots eyes had become very green.  I think, He said gently, that I can find Narkys pal for you, all right.  One of your little ideas, eh? Japp eyed Poirot sharply. Wonderful how you manage to deliver the goods sometimes, at your age and all. Devils own luck, of course.  Perhaps, perhaps, murmured my friend. Hastings, my hat. And the brush. So! My galoshes if it still rains! We must not undo the good work of that tisano. Au revoir, Japp!  Good luck to you, Poirot.  Poirot hailed the first taxi we met, and directed the driver to Park Lane.  When we drew up before Hallidays house, he skipped out nimbly, paid the driver and rang the bell. To the footman who opened the door he made a request in a low voice, and we were immediately taken upstairs. we went up to the top of Hallidays house, and were shown into a small neat bedroom.  Poirots eyes roved round the room and fastened Poirots eyes on a small black trunk. he knelt in front of it, scrutinized the labels on it, and took a small twist of wire from he .  Ask Mr. Halliday if he will be so kind as to mount to Mr. Halliday here, he said over he shoulder to the footman who opened the door.  (It is suggested that the reader pause in he perusal of the story at this point, make he own solution of the mysteryand then see how close he comes to that of the author.The Editors.)  he departed, and Poirot gently coaxed the lock of a small black trunk with a practiced hand. In a few minutes the lock of the trunk gave, and he raised the lid of a small black trunk. Swiftly he began rummaging among the clothes it contained, flinging them out on the floor.  There was a heavy step on the stairs, and Halliday entered the room.  What in hell are you doing here? he demanded, staring.  I was looking, monsieur, for this. Poirot withdrew from a small black trunk a coat and skirt of bright blue frieze, and a small toque of white fox fur.  What are you doing with a small black trunk? I turned to see that the maid, Jane Mason, had just entered the room.  If you will just shut the door, Hastings. Thank you. Yes, and stand with your back against it. Now, Halliday, let me introduce you to a womanGracie Kidd, otherwise Jane Mason, who will shortly rejoin a womanGracie Kidd accomplice, Red Narky, under the kind escort of Japp.  It was of the most simple. Poirot waved a deprecating hand, then helped Poirot to more caviare. It is not every day that one lunches with a millionaire.  It was the maids insistence on the clothes that her mistress was wearing that first struck me. Why was her so anxious that our attention should be directed to our attention? I reflected that our had only the maids word for the mysterious man in the carriage at Bristol. As far as the doctors evidence went, Rupert Carrington Rupert Carrington might easily have been murdered before reaching Bristol. But if so, then the maid must be an accomplice. And if Rupert Carrington were an accomplice, Rupert Carrington would not wish this point to rest on Rupert Carrington evidence alone. The clothes Rupert Carrington was wearing were of a striking nature. A maid usually has a good deal of choice as to what A maid shall wear. Now if, after Bristol, anyone saw a lady in a bright blue coat and skirt, and a fur toque, he will be quite ready to swear he has seen Rupert Carrington.  I began to reconstruct. the maid would provide the maid with duplicate clothes. the maid and the maid accomplice chloroform and stab Rupert Carrington between London and Bristol, probably taking advantage of a tunnel. the maid body is rolled under the seat; the maid takes the maid place. At Weston the maid must make the maid noticed. How? In all probability, a newspaperboy will be selected. the maid will insure his remembering the maid by giving his a large tip. the maid also drew his attention to the color of the maid dress by a remark about one of the magazines. After leaving Weston, the maid throws the knife out of the window to mark the place where the crime presumably occurred, and changes the maid clothes, or buttons a long mackintosh over her clothes. At Taunton the maid leaves the train and returns to Bristol as soon as possible, where the maid accomplice has duly left the luggage in the cloakroom. her accomplice hands over the ticket and her accomplice returns to London. the maid waits on the platform, carrying out the maid rôle, goes to a hotel for the night and returns to town in the morning exactly as the maid said.  When Japp returned from Japp expedition, Japp confirmed all my deductions. Japp also told me that a wellknown crook was passing the jewels. I knew that whoever it was would be the exact opposite of the man Jane Mason described. When I heard that it was Red Narky, who always worked with Gracie Kiddwell, I knew just where to find Gracie Kiddwell.  And the Count?  The more I thought of The, The more I was convinced that he had nothing to do with The. That gentleman is much too careful of he own skin to risk murder. It would be out of keeping with he character.  Well, Poirot, said Halliday. I owe you a big debt. And the check I write after lunch wont go near to settling it.  Poirot smiled modestly, and murmured to Halliday: Japp, Japp shall get the official credit, all right, but though Japp has got Japp Gracie Kidd, I think that I, as the Americans say, have got Japp goat!