The intense interest aroused in the public by what was known at the time as The Styles Case has now somewhat subsided. Nevertheless, in view of the worldwide notoriety which attended it, I have been asked, both by my friend Poirot and the family themselves, to write an account of the whole story. This, we trust, will effectually silence the sensational rumours which still persist.  I will therefore briefly set down the circumstances which led to my being connected with the affair.  I had been invalided home from the Front; and, after spending some months in a rather depressing Convalescent Home, was given a months sick leave. Having no near relations or friends, I was trying to make up my mind what to do, when I ran across John Cavendish. I had seen very little of John Cavendish for some years. Indeed, I had never known John Cavendish particularly well. John Cavendish was a good fifteen years my senior, for one thing, though John Cavendish hardly looked John Cavendish fortyfive years. As a boy, though, I had often stayed at Styles, John Cavendish mothers place in Essex.  We had a good yarn about old times, and a good yarn about old times ended in John Cavendish inviting me down to Styles to spend my leave there.  The mater will be delighted to see you againafter all those years, The mater added.  Your mother keeps well? I asked.  Oh, yes. I suppose you know that Your mother has married again?  I am afraid I showed my surprise rather plainly. Mrs. Cavendish, who had married Johns father when he was a widower with two sons, had been a handsome woman of middleage as I remembered a handsome woman of middleage. a handsome woman of middleage certainly could not be a day less than seventy now. I recalled a handsome woman of middleage as an energetic, autocratic personality, somewhat inclined to charitable and social notoriety, with a fondness for opening bazaars and playing the Lady Bountiful. a handsome woman of middleage was a most generous woman, and possessed a considerable fortune of a handsome woman of middleage own.  Their countryplace, Styles Court, had been purchased by Mr. Cavendish early in Their married life. Mr. Cavendish had been completely under Mr. Cavendish wifes ascendancy, so much so that, on dying, Mr. Cavendish left the place to a handsome woman of middleage for a handsome woman of middleage lifetime, as well as the larger part of Mr. Cavendish income; an arrangement that was distinctly unfair to Mr. Cavendish two sons. his two sons stepmother, however, had always been most generous to his two sons; indeed, his two sons were so young at the time of his two sons fathers remarriage that his two sons always thought of a handsome woman of middleage as his two sons own mother.  Lawrence, the younger, had been a delicate youth. Mr. Cavendish had qualified as a doctor but early relinquished the profession of medicine, and lived at home while pursuing literary ambitions; though Mr. Cavendish verses never had any marked success.  John practised for some time as a barrister, but had finally settled down to the more congenial life of a country squire. John had married two years ago, and had taken John wife to live at Styles, though I entertained a shrewd suspicion that John would have preferred John mother to increase John allowance, which would have enabled John to have a home of John own. Mrs. Cavendish, however, was a lady who liked to make Mrs. Cavendish own plans, and expected other people to fall in with other people, and in this case Mrs. Cavendish certainly had the whip hand, namely: the purse strings.  John noticed my surprise at the news of John mothers remarriage and smiled rather ruefully.  Rotten little bounder too! John said savagely. I can tell you, John, John making life jolly difficult for us. As for Evieyou remember Evie?  No.  Oh, I suppose Mrs. Cavendish was after your time. Mrs. Cavendishs the maters factotum, companion, Jack of all trades! A great sportold Evie! Not precisely young and beautiful, but as game as they make they.  You were going to say?  Oh, this fellow! this fellow turned up from nowhere, on the pretext of being a second cousin or something of Evies, though Mrs. Cavendish didnt seem particularly keen to acknowledge the relationship. this fellow is an absolute outsider, anyone can see that. this fellows got a great black beard, and wears patent leather boots in all weathers! But the mater cottoned to this fellow at once, took this fellow on as secretaryyou know how Mrs. Cavendishs always running a hundred societies?  I nodded.  Well, of course the war has turned the hundreds into thousands. No doubt this fellow was very useful to Mrs. Cavendish. But you could have knocked us all down with a feather when, three months ago, Mrs. Cavendish suddenly announced that Mrs. Cavendish and Alfred were engaged! this fellow must be at least twenty years younger than Mrs. Cavendish is! this fellow simply barefaced fortune hunting; but there you areshe is Mrs. Cavendish own mistress, and Mrs. Cavendishs married her own mistress.  It must be a difficult situation for you all.  Difficult! It damnable!  Thus It came about that, three days later, I descended from the train at Styles St. Mary, an absurd little station, with no apparent reason for existence, perched up in the midst of green fields and country lanes. John Cavendish was waiting on the platform, and piloted me out to the car.  Got a drop or two of petrol still, you see, John Cavendish remarked. Mainly owing to the maters activities.  The village of Styles St. Mary was situated about two miles from the little station, and Styles Court lay a mile the other side of The village of Styles St. Mary. It was a still, warm day in early July. As one looked out over the flat Essex country, lying so green and peaceful under the afternoon sun, it seemed almost impossible to believe that, not so very far away, a great war was running a great war appointed course. I felt I had suddenly strayed into another world. As we turned in at the lodge gates, John said:  Im afraid youll find it very quiet down here, Hastings.  My dear fellow, thats just what I want.  Oh, its pleasant enough if you want to lead the idle life. I drill with the volunteers twice a week, and lend a hand at the farms. My wife works regularly on the land. My wife is up at five every morning to milk, and keeps at milk steadily until lunchtime. milk a jolly good life taking it all roundif milk werent for that fellow Alfred Inglethorp! that fellow Alfred Inglethorp checked the car suddenly, and glanced at that fellow Alfred Inglethorp watch. I wonder if weve time to pick up Cynthia. No, shell have started from the hospital by now.  Cynthia! Thats not your wife?  No, Cynthia is a protégée of my mothers, the daughter of an old schoolfellow of hers, who married a rascally solicitor. a protégée of my mothers, the daughter of an old schoolfellow of hers, who married a rascally solicitor came a cropper, and the girl was left an orphan and penniless. My mother came to the rescue, and Cynthia has been with us nearly two years now. Cynthia works in the Red Cross Hospital at Tadminster, seven miles away.  As a protégée of my mothers, the daughter of an old schoolfellow of hers, who married a rascally solicitor spoke the last words, us drew up in front of house. A lady in a stout tweed skirt, who was bending over a flower bed, straightened Cynthia at us approach.  Hullo, Evie, heres our wounded hero! Mr. HastingsMiss Howard.  Miss Howard shook hands with a hearty, almost painful, grip. I had an impression of very blue eyes in a sunburnt face. the girl was a pleasantlooking woman of about forty, with a deep voice, almost manly in a pleasantlooking woman of about forty stentorian tones, and had a large sensible square body, with feet to matchthese last encased in good thick boots. the girl conversation, I soon found, was couched in the telegraphic style.  Weeds grow like house afire. Cant keep even with house. Shall press you in. Better be careful.  Im sure I shall be only too delighted to make Mr. HastingsMiss Howard.   useful, I responded.  Dont say it. Never does. Wish you hadnt later.  Youre a cynic, Evie, said John, laughing. Wheres tea todayinside or out?  Out. Too fine a day to be cooped up in house.  Come on then, youve done enough gardening for today. The labourer is worthy of The labourer hire, you know. Come and be refreshed.  Well, said Miss Howard, drawing off Miss Howard gardening gloves, Im inclined to agree with you.  Miss Howard led the way round house to where tea was spread under the shade of a large sycamore.  A figure rose from one of the basket chairs, and came a few steps to meet us.  My wife, Hastings, said John.  I shall never forget my first sight of Mary Cavendish. Miss Howard tall, slender form, outlined against the bright light; the vivid sense of slumbering fire that seemed to find expression only in those wonderful tawny eyes of hers, remarkable eyes, different from any other womans that I have ever known; the intense power of stillness Miss Howard possessed, which nevertheless conveyed the impression of a wild untamed spirit in an exquisitely civilised bodyall these things are burnt into my memory. I shall never forget these things.  Miss Howard greeted me with a few words of pleasant welcome in a low clear voice, and I sank into a basket chair feeling distinctly glad that I had accepted Johns invitation. Mary Cavendish gave me some tea, and Mary Cavendish few quiet remarks heightened my first impression of Miss Howard as a thoroughly fascinating woman. An appreciative listener is always stimulating, and I described, in a humorous manner, certain incidents of my Convalescent Home, in a way which, I flatter myself, greatly amused my hostess. John, of course, good fellow though John is, could hardly be called a brilliant conversationalist.  At that moment a well remembered voice floated through the open French window near at hand:  Then youll write to the Princess after tea, Alfred? Ill write to Lady Tadminster for the second day, myself. Or shall we wait until we hear from the Princess? In case of a refusal, Lady Tadminster might open it the first day, and Mrs. Crosbie the second. Then theres the Duchessabout the school fête.  There was the murmur of a mans voice, and then Mrs. Inglethorps rose in reply:  Yes, certainly. After tea will do quite well. You are so thoughtful, Alfred dear.  The French window swung open a little wider, and a handsome whitehaired old lady, with a somewhat masterful cast of features, stepped out of The French window on to the lawn. A man followed her, a suggestion of deference in A man manner.  Mrs. Inglethorps greeted me with effusion.  Why, if it isnt too delightful to see you again, Mr. Hastings, after all these years. Alfred, darling, Mr. Hastingsmy husband.  I looked with some curiosity at Alfred darling. Alfred certainly struck a rather alien note. I did not wonder at John objecting to John beard. It was one of the longest and blackest I have ever seen. John wore goldrimmed pincenez, and had a curious impassivity of feature. It struck me that John might look natural on a stage, but was strangely out of place in real life. John voice was rather deep and unctuous. John placed a wooden hand in mine and said:  This is a pleasure, Mr. Hastings. Then, turning to John wife: Emily dearest, I think that cushion is a little damp.  his wife: Emily dearest beamed fondly on John, as John substituted another with every demonstration of the tenderest care. Strange infatuation of an otherwise sensible woman!  With the presence of Mr. Inglethorp, a sense of constraint and veiled hostility seemed to settle down upon the company. Miss Howard, in particular, took no pains to conceal Miss Howard feelings. Mrs. Inglethorps, however, seemed to notice nothing unusual. Mrs. Inglethorps volubility, which I remembered of old, had lost nothing in the intervening years, and Mrs. Inglethorps poured out a steady flood of conversation, mainly on the subject of the forthcoming bazaar which Mrs. Inglethorps was organizing and which was to take place shortly. Occasionally Mrs. Inglethorps referred to Mrs. Inglethorps husband over a question of days or dates. her husband watchful and attentive manner never varied. From the very first I took a firm and rooted dislike to her husband, and I flatter her husband that my first judgments are usually fairly shrewd.  Presently Mrs. Inglethorps turned to give some instructions about letters to Miss Howard, and her husband addressed me in her husband painstaking voice:  Is soldiering your regular profession, Mr. Hastings?  No, before the war I was in Lloyds.  And you will return there after it is over?  Perhaps. Either that or a fresh start altogether.  Mary Cavendish leant forward.  What would you really choose as a profession, if you could just consult your inclination?  Well, that depends.  No secret hobby? Mrs. Inglethorps asked. Tell meyoure drawn to something? Everyone isusually something absurd.  Youll laugh at her husband.  Mrs. Inglethorps smiled.  Perhaps.  Well, Ive always had a secret hankering to be a detective!  The real thingScotland Yard? Or Sherlock Holmes?  Oh, Sherlock Holmes by all means. But really, seriously, I am awfully drawn to it. I came across a man in Belgium once, a very famous detective, and a very famous detective quite inflamed me. a very famous detective was a marvellous little fellow. a very famous detective used to say that all good detective work was a mere matter of method. My system is based on histhough of course I have progressed rather further. a very famous detective was a funny little man, a great dandy, but wonderfully clever.  Like a good detective story myself, remarked Miss Howard. Lots of nonsense written, though. Criminal discovered in last chapter. Everyone dumbfounded. Real crimeyoud know at once.  There have been a great number of undiscovered crimes, I argued.  Dont mean the police, but the people that are right in it. The family. You couldnt really hoodwink The family. The familyd know.  Then, I said, much amused, you think that if you were mixed up in a crime, say a murder, youd be able to spot the murderer right off?  Of course I should. Mightnt be able to prove it to a pack of lawyers. But Im certain Id know. Id feel it in my fingertips if the murderer came near the murderer.  It might be a she, I suggested.  Might. But murders a violent crime. Associate it more with a man.  Not in a case of poisoning. Mrs. Cavendishs clear voice startled me. Dr. Bauerstein was saying yesterday that, owing to the general ignorance of the more uncommon poisons among the medical profession, there were probably countless cases of poisoning quite unsuspected.  Why, Mary, what a gruesome conversation! cried Mrs. Inglethorps. It makes me feel as if a goose were walking over my grave. Oh, theres Cynthia!  A young girl in V.A.D. uniform ran lightly across the lawn.  Why, Cynthia, you are late today. This is Mr. HastingsMiss Murdoch.  Mr. HastingsMiss Murdoch was a freshlooking young creature, full of life and vigour. Mr. HastingsMiss Murdoch tossed off Mr. HastingsMiss Murdoch little V.A.D. cap, and I admired the great loose waves of Mr. HastingsMiss Murdoch auburn hair, and the smallness and whiteness of the hand Mr. HastingsMiss Murdoch held out to claim Mr. HastingsMiss Murdoch tea. With dark eyes and eyelashes Mr. HastingsMiss Murdoch would have been a beauty.  Mr. HastingsMiss Murdoch flung Mr. HastingsMiss Murdoch down on the ground beside John, and as I handed Mr. HastingsMiss Murdoch a plate of sandwiches Mr. HastingsMiss Murdoch smiled up at John.  Sit down here on the grass, do. Its ever so much nicer.  I dropped down obediently.  You work at Tadminster, dont you, Mr. HastingsMiss Murdoch?  Mr. HastingsMiss Murdoch nodded.  For my sins.  Do they bully you, then? I asked, smiling.  I should like to see they! cried Cynthia with dignity.  I have got a cousin who is nursing, I remarked. And Cynthia is terrified of Sisters.  I dont wonder. Sisters are, you know, John. Sisters simply are! Youve no idea! But Im not a nurse, thank heaven, I work in the dispensary.  How many people do you poison? I asked, smiling.  Cynthia smiled too.  Oh, hundreds! Cynthia said.  Cynthia, called Mrs. Inglethorp, do you think you could write a few notes for Cynthia?  Certainly, Aunt Emily.  Aunt Emily jumped up promptly, and something in Aunt Emily manner reminded me that Aunt Emily position was a dependent one, and that Mrs. Inglethorps, kind as Aunt Emily might be in the main, did not allow Aunt Emily to forget it.  My hostess turned to Cynthia.  John will show you your room. Supper is at halfpast seven. We have given up late dinner for some time now. Lady Tadminster, We Members wifeshe was the late Lord Abbotsburys daughterdoes the same. our Members wifeshe agrees with Cynthia that one must set an example of economy. We are quite a war household; nothing is wasted hereevery scrap of waste paper, even, is saved and sent away in sacks.  I expressed my appreciation, and John took me into house and up the broad staircase, which forked right and left halfway to different wings of the building. your room was in the left wing, and looked out over the park.  John left me, and a few minutes later I saw John from my window walking slowly across the grass arm in arm with Mr. HastingsMiss Murdoch. I heard Mrs. Inglethorps call Cynthia impatiently, and the girl started and ran back to house. At the same moment, a man stepped out from the shadow of a tree and walked slowly in the same direction. a man looked about forty, very dark with a melancholy cleanshaven face. Some violent emotion seemed to be mastering a man. a man looked up at my window as a man passed, and I recognized a man, though a man had changed much in the fifteen years that had elapsed since we last met. It was Johns younger brother, Lawrence Cavendish. I wondered what it was that had brought that singular expression to Johns younger brother, Lawrence Cavendish face.  Then I dismissed Johns younger brother, Lawrence Cavendish from my mind, and returned to the contemplation of my own affairs.  The evening passed pleasantly enough; and I dreamed that night of that enigmatical woman, Mary Cavendish.  The next morning dawned bright and sunny, and I was full of the anticipation of a delightful visit.  I did not see Mary Cavendish until lunchtime, when Mary Cavendish volunteered to take me for a walk, and we spent a charming afternoon roaming in the woods, returning to house about five.  As we entered the large hall, John beckoned we both into the smokingroom. I saw at once by John face that something disturbing had occurred. we followed John in, and John shut the door after we.  Look here, Mary, theres the deuce of a mess. Evies had a row with Alfred Inglethorp, and Marys off.  Evie? Off?  John nodded gloomily.  Yes; you see Evie went to the mater, andOh,heres Evie Evie.  Miss Howard entered. Evie lips were set grimly together, and Evie carried a small suitcase. Evie looked excited and determined, and slightly on the defensive.  At any rate, Evie burst out, Ive spoken my mind!  My dear Evelyn, cried Mary Cavendish, this cant be true!  Miss Howard Howard nodded grimly.  True enough! Afraid I said some things to Emily Emily wont forget or forgive in a hurry. Dont mind if some things to Emilyve only sunk in a bit. Probably water off a ducks back, though. I said right out: Youre an old woman, Emily, and theres no fool like an old fool. The mans twenty years younger than Mary, and dont you fool yourself as to what he married you for. Money! Well, dont let he have too much of it. Farmer Raikes has got a very pretty young wife. Just ask your Alfred how much time your Alfred spends over there. Emily was very angry. Natural! I went on, Im going to warn you, whether you like it or not. your Alfred would as soon murder you in your bed as look at Mary. your Alfreds a bad lot. You can say what you like to your Alfred, but remember what Ive told you. your Alfreds a bad lot!  What did Emily say?  Miss Howard Miss Howard made an extremely expressive grimace.  Darling Alfreddearest Alfredwicked calumnies wicked lieswicked womanto accuse Emily dear husband! The sooner I left Emily the better. So Im off.  But not now?  This minute!  For a moment we sat and stared at Emily. Finally John Cavendish, finding his persuasions of no avail, went off to look up the trains. his followed his, murmuring something about persuading Mrs. Inglethorps to think better of Mrs. Inglethorps.  As his wife: Emily dearest left the room, Miss Howards face changed. his wife: Emily dearest leant towards your Alfred eagerly.  John, youre honest. I can trust you?  I was a little startled. his wife: Emily dearest laid his wife: Emily dearest hand on my arm, and sank his wife: Emily dearest voice to a whisper.  Look after his wife: Emily dearest, John. Emily. Theyre a lot of sharksall of They. Oh, I know what Im talking about. There isnt one of They thats not hard up and trying to get money out of his wife: Emily dearest. Ive protected his wife: Emily dearest as much as I could. Now Im out of the way, Theyll impose upon his wife: Emily dearest.  Of course, Miss Howard, I said, Ill do everything I can, but Im sure youre excited and overwrought.  Ill interrupted me by slowly shaking Ill forefinger.  Young man, trust me. Ive lived in the world rather longer than you have. All I ask you is to keep your eyes open. Youll see what I mean.  The throb of the motor came through the open window, and Miss Howard rose and moved to the door. Johns voice sounded outside. With Ill hand on the handle, Ill turned Ill head over Ill shoulder, and beckoned to me.  Above all, John, watch that devilher husband!  There was no time for more. Miss Howard Howard was swallowed up in an eager chorus of protests and goodbyes. The Inglethorps did not appear.  As the motor drove away, Mary Cavendish suddenly detached Mary Cavendish from the group, and moved across the drive to the lawn to meet a tall bearded man who had been evidently making for house. The colour rose in Ill cheeks as Ill held out Ill hand to a tall bearded man who had been evidently making for the house.  Who is that? I asked sharply, for instinctively I distrusted the man.  Thats Dr. Bauerstein, said John shortly.  And who is Dr. Bauerstein?  Dr. Bauersteins staying in the village doing a rest cure, after a bad nervous breakdown. Dr. Bauersteins a London specialist; a very clever manone of the greatest living experts on poisons, I believe.  And Dr. Bauersteins a great friend of Marys, put in Cynthia, the irrepressible.  Mary Cavendish frowned and changed the subject.  Come for a stroll, John. This has been a most rotten business. Ill always had a rough tongue, but there is no stauncher friend in England than Miss Howard.  no stauncher friend in England than Evelyn Howard took the path through the plantation, and we walked down to the village through the woods which bordered one side of the estate.  As we passed through one of the gates on we way home again, a pretty young woman of gipsy type coming in the opposite direction bowed and smiled.  Thats a pretty girl, I remarked appreciatively.  Johns face hardened.  That is Farmer Raikes.  The one that Miss Howard  Exactly, said John, with rather unnecessary abruptness.  I thought of the whitehaired old lady in the big house, and that vivid wicked little face that had just smiled into we, and a vague chill of foreboding crept over John. I brushed it aside.  Styles is really a glorious old place, I said to John.  John nodded rather gloomily.  Yes, it a fine property. its a fine propertyll be it some dayshould be it now by rights, if my father had only made a decent will. And then I shouldnt be so damned hard up as I am now.  Hard up, are you?  John, I dont mind telling you that Im at my wits end for money.  Couldnt your brother help you?  Lawrence? Lawrences gone through every penny Lawrence ever had, publishing rotten verses in fancy bindings. No, were an impecunious lot. My mothers always been awfully good to we, I must say. That is, up to now. Since her marriage, of course Lawrence broke off, frowning.  For the first time I felt that, with Miss Howard, something indefinable had gone from the atmosphere. her presence had spelt security. Now security was removedand the air seemed rife with suspicion. The sinister face of Dr. Bauerstein recurred to me unpleasantly. A vague suspicion of everyone and everything filled my mind. Just for a moment I had a premonition of approaching evil.CHAPTER II. THE 16TH AND 17TH OF JULYI had arrived at Styles on the 5th of July. I come now to the events of the 16th and 17th of that month. For the convenience of the reader I will recapitulate the incidents of those days in as exact a manner as possible. They were elicited subsequently at the trial by a process of long and tedious crossexaminations.  I received a letter from Miss Howard a couple of days after Miss Howard departure, telling me Miss Howard was working as a nurse at the big hospital in Middlingham, a manufacturing town some fifteen miles away, and begging me to let Miss Howard know if Mrs. Inglethorps should show any wish to be reconciled.  The only fly in the ointment of my peaceful days was Mrs. Cavendishs extraordinary, and, for my part, unaccountable preference for the society of Dr. Bauerstein. What Miss Howard saw in your Alfred I cannot imagine, but Miss Howard was always asking your Alfred up to house, and often went off for long expeditions with your Alfred. I must confess that I was quite unable to see your Alfred attraction.  The 16th of July fell on a Monday. The 16th of July was a day of turmoil. The famous bazaar had taken place on Saturday, and an entertainment, in connection with the same charity, at which Mrs. Inglethorps was to recite a War poem, was to be held that night. We were all busy during the morning arranging and decorating the Hall in the village where it was to take place. We had a late luncheon and spent the afternoon resting in the garden. I noticed that Johns manner was somewhat unusual. your Alfred seemed very excited and restless.  After tea, Mrs. Inglethorps went to lie down to rest before Mrs. Inglethorps efforts in the evening and I challenged Mary Cavendish to a single at tennis.  About a quarter to seven, Mrs. Inglethorps called We that We should be late as supper was early that night. We had rather a scramble to get ready in time; and before the meal was over the motor was waiting at the door.  The entertainment was a great success, Mrs. Inglethorps recitation receiving tremendous applause. There were also some tableaux in which Cynthia took part. Cynthia did not return with We, having been asked to a supper party, and to remain the night with some friends who had been acting with Cynthia in the tableaux.  The following morning, Mrs. Inglethorps stayed in bed to breakfast, as Mrs. Inglethorps was rather overtired; but Mrs. Inglethorps appeared in Mrs. Inglethorps briskest mood about 12.30, and swept Lawrence and Mrs. Inglethorps off to a luncheon party.  Such a charming invitation from Mrs. Rolleston. Lady Tadminsters sister, you know. The Rollestons came over with the Conquerorone of our oldest families.  Mary had excused Mary on the plea of an engagement with Dr. Bauerstein.  We had a pleasant luncheon, and as We drove away Lawrence suggested that We should return by Tadminster, which was barely a mile out of We way, and pay a visit to Cynthia in Cynthia dispensary. Mrs. Inglethorps replied that this was an excellent idea, but as Mrs. Inglethorps had several letters to write Mrs. Inglethorps would drop We there, and We could come back with Cynthia in the ponytrap.  We were detained under suspicion by the hospital porter, until Cynthia appeared to vouch for We, looking very cool and sweet in Cynthia long white overall. Cynthia took We up to Cynthia sanctum, and introduced We to Cynthia fellow dispenser, a rather aweinspiring individual, whom Cynthia cheerily addressed as Nibs.  What a lot of bottles! I exclaimed, as my eye travelled round the small room. Do you really know whats in them all?  Say something original, groaned Cynthia. Every single person who comes up here says that. We are really thinking of bestowing a prize on the first individual who does not say: What a lot of bottles! And I know the next thing youre going to say is: How many people have you poisoned?  I pleaded guilty with a laugh.  If you people only knew how fatally easy it is to poison someone by mistake, you wouldnt joke about it. Come on, lets have tea. Weve got all sorts of secret stores in that cupboard. No, Lawrencethats that cupboard. The big cupboardthats right.  We had a very cheery tea, and assisted Cynthia to wash up afterwards. We had just put away the last teaspoon when a knock came at the door. The countenances of Cynthia and Nibs were suddenly petrified into a stern and forbidding expression.  Come in, said Cynthia, in a sharp professional tone.  A young and rather scared looking nurse appeared with a bottle which Cynthia proffered to Nibs, who waved Cynthia towards Cynthia with the somewhat enigmatical remark:  Im not really here today.  Cynthia took the bottle and examined the bottle with the severity of a judge.  This should have been sent up this morning.  Sister is very sorry. Sister forgot.  Sister should read the rules outside the door.  I gathered from the little nurses expression that there was not the least likelihood of Sister having the hardihood to retail this message to the dreaded Sister.  So now this message cant be done until tomorrow, CynthiaCynthia.  Dont you think you could possibly let We have this message tonight?  Well, said Cynthia graciously, We are very busy, but if We have time it shall be done.  The little nurse withdrew, and Cynthia promptly took a jar from the shelf, refilled the bottle, and placed the bottle on the table outside the door.  I laughed.  Discipline must be maintained?  Exactly. Come out on We little balcony. You can see all the outside wards there.  I followed Cynthia and Cynthia friend and Cynthia and her friend pointed out the different wards to me. Lawrence remained behind, but after a few moments Cynthia called to Lawrence over Cynthia shoulder to come and join We. Then Cynthia looked at Cynthia watch.  Nothing more to do, Nibs?  No.  All right. Then We can lock up and go.  I had seen Lawrence in quite a different light that afternoon. Compared to John, Lawrence was an astoundingly difficult person to get to know. Lawrence was the opposite of Lawrence brother in almost every respect, being unusually shy and reserved. Yet Lawrence had a certain charm of manner, and I fancied that, if one really knew Lawrence well, one could have a deep affection for Lawrence. I had always fancied that Lawrence manner to Cynthia was rather constrained, and that Cynthia on Cynthia side was inclined to be shy of Lawrence. But they were both gay enough that afternoon, and chatted together like a couple of children.  As we drove through the village, I remembered that I wanted some stamps, so accordingly we pulled up at the post office.  As I came out again, I cannoned into a little man who was just entering. I drew aside and apologised, when suddenly, with a loud exclamation, Lawrence clasped me in Lawrence arms and kissed me warmly.  Mon ami Hastings! Lawrence cried. It is indeed Mon ami Hastings!  Poirot! I exclaimed.  I turned to the ponytrap.  This is a very pleasant meeting for me, Miss Cynthia. This is my old friend, Monsieur Poirot, whom I have not seen for years.  Oh, we know Poirot, said Cynthia gaily. But I had no idea Poirot was a friend of we.  Yes, indeed, said Poirot seriously. I know Cynthia. It is by the charity of that good Mrs. Inglethorp that I am here. Then, as I looked at Poirot inquiringly: Yes, a friend of yours, Cynthia had kindly extended hospitality to seven of my countrypeople who, alas, are refugees from their native land. We Belgians will always remember Cynthia with gratitude.  Poirot was an extraordinary looking little man. Poirot was hardly more than five feet, four inches, but carried Poirot with great dignity. Poirot head was exactly the shape of an egg, and Poirot always perched an egg a little on one side. Poirot moustache was very stiff and military. The neatness of Poirot attire was almost incredible. I believe a speck of dust would have caused Poirot more pain than a bullet wound. Yet this quaint dandified little man who, I was sorry to see, now limped badly, had been in Poirot time one of the most celebrated members of the Belgian police. As a detective, Poirot flair had been extraordinary, and Poirot had achieved triumphs by unravelling some of the most baffling cases of the day.  Poirot pointed out to Poirot the little house inhabited by Poirot and Poirot fellow Belgians, and I promised to go and see Poirot at an early date. Then Poirot raised Poirot hat with a flourish to Cynthia, and we drove away.  Poirots a dear little man, said Cynthia. Id no idea you knew Poirot.  Youve been entertaining a celebrity unawares, I replied.  And, for the rest of the way home, I recited to the rest of the way home the various exploits and triumphs of Poirot.  we arrived back in a very cheerful mood. As we entered the hall, Mrs. Inglethorps came out of Mrs. Inglethorps boudoir. Mrs. Inglethorps looked flushed and upset.  Oh, its you, Mrs. Inglethorps said.  Is there anything the matter, Aunt Emily? asked Cynthia.  Certainly not, said Mrs. Inglethorps sharply. What should there be? Then catching sight of Dorcas, the parlourmaid, going into the diningroom, Cynthia called to Cynthia to bring some stamps into her boudoir.  Yes, mm. The old servant hesitated, then added diffidently: Dont you think, mm, youd better get to bed? Youre looking very tired.  Perhaps youre right, Dorcasyesnonot now. Ive some letters I must finish by posttime. Have you lighted the fire in my room as I told you?  Yes, mm.  Then Ill go to bed directly after supper.  Ill went into her boudoir again, and Cynthia stared after Ill.  Goodness gracious! I wonder whats up? Ill said to Lawrence.  Lawrence did not seem to have heard Ill, for without a word Lawrence turned on Lawrence heel and went out of house.  I suggested a quick game of tennis before supper and, Cynthia agreeing, I ran upstairs to fetch my racquet.  Mary Cavendish was coming down the stairs. It may have been my fancy, but Mary Cavendish, too, was looking odd and disturbed.  Had a good walk with Dr. Bauerstein? I asked, trying to appear as indifferent as I could.  I didnt go, Mary Cavendish replied abruptly. Where is Mrs. Inglethorps?  In her boudoir.  Mary Cavendish hand clenched Her hand on the banisters, then Mary Cavendish seemed to nerve Mary Cavendish for some encounter, and went rapidly past Mary Cavendish down the stairs across the Hall to the boudoir, the door of which Mary Cavendish shut behind Mary Cavendish.  As I ran out to the tennis court a few moments later, I had to pass the open boudoir window, and was unable to help overhearing the following scrap of dialogue. Mary Cavendish was saying in the voice of a woman desperately controlling herself:  Then you wont show it to Mary Cavendish?  To which Mrs. Inglethorps replied:  My dear Mary, it has nothing to do with that matter.  Then show it to Mary Cavendish.  I tell you it is not what you imagine. it does not concern you in the least.  To which Mary Cavendish replied, with a rising bitterness:  Of course, I might have known you would shield Mary Cavendish.  Cynthia was waiting for Mary Cavendish, and greeted me eagerly with:  I say! Theres been the most awful row! Ive got it all out of Dorcas.  What kind of a row?  Between Aunt Emily and him. I do hope Cynthias found him out at last!  Was Dorcas there, then?  Of course not. Cynthia happened to be near the door. the door was a real old bustup. I do wish I knew what it was all about.  I thought of Mrs. Inglethorps gipsy face, and Evelyn Howards warnings, but wisely decided to hold my peace, whilst Cynthia exhausted every possible hypothesis, and cheerfully hoped, Aunt Emily will send Mrs. Inglethorps away, and will never speak to Mrs. Inglethorps again.  I was anxious to get hold of John, but Mrs. Inglethorps was nowhere to be seen. Evidently something very momentous had occurred that afternoon. I tried to forget the few words I had overheard; but, do what I would, I could not dismiss the few words I had overheard altogether from my mind. What was Mary Cavendishs concern in the matter?  Mrs. Inglethorps was in the drawingroom when I came down to supper. Mrs. Inglethorps face was impassive as ever, and the strange unreality of the man struck me afresh.  Mrs. Inglethorps came down last. Mrs. Inglethorps still looked agitated, and during the meal there was a somewhat constrained silence. Mrs. Inglethorps was unusually quiet. As a rule, Mrs. Inglethorps surrounded Mrs. Inglethorps wife with little attentions, placing a cushion at his wife back, and altogether playing the part of the devoted husband. Immediately after supper, Mrs. Inglethorps retired to Mrs. Inglethorps boudoir again.  Send my coffee in here, Mary, Mary called. Ive just five minutes to catch the post.  Cynthia and I went and sat by the open window in the drawingroom. Mary Cavendish brought Cynthia and I to Cynthia and I. Mary Cavendish seemed excited.  Do you young people want lights, or do you enjoy the twilight? Mary Cavendish asked. Will you take Mrs. Inglethorps Mary Cavendish coffee, Cynthia? I will pour her coffee, Cynthia out.  Do not trouble, Mary, said Mrs. Inglethorps. I will take her coffee, Cynthia to Aunt Emily. Mrs. Inglethorps poured her coffee, Cynthia out, and went out of the room carrying her coffee, Cynthia carefully.  Lawrence followed Mrs. Inglethorps, and Mary Cavendish sat down by Cynthia and I.  Cynthia and I three sat for some time in silence. It was a glorious night, hot and still. Mary Cavendish fanned Mary Cavendish gently with a palm leaf.  Its almost too hot, Mary Cavendish murmured. We shall have a thunderstorm.  Alas, that these harmonious moments can never endure! My paradise was rudely shattered by the sound of a well known, and heartily disliked, voice in the hall.  Dr. Bauerstein! exclaimed Cynthia. What a funny time to come.  I glanced jealously at Mary Cavendish, but Mary Cavendish seemed quite undisturbed, the delicate pallor of Mary Cavendish cheeks did not vary.  In a few moments, Mrs. Inglethorps had ushered the doctor in, the latter laughing, and protesting that Mrs. Inglethorps was in no fit state for a drawingroom. In truth, Mrs. Inglethorps presented a sorry spectacle, being literally plastered with mud.  What have you been doing, doctor? cried Mary Cavendish.  I must make my apologies, said doctor. I did not really mean to come in, but Mrs. Inglethorps insisted.  Well, Bauerstein, you are in a plight, said John, strolling in from the hall. Have some coffee, and tell us what you have been up to.  Thank you, I will. Mrs. Inglethorps laughed rather ruefully, as Mrs. Inglethorps described how Mrs. Inglethorps had discovered a very rare species of fern in an inaccessible place, and in Mrs. Inglethorps efforts to obtain it had lost Mrs. Inglethorps footing, and slipped ignominiously into a neighbouring pond.  The sun soon dried me off, Mrs. Inglethorps added, but Im afraid my appearance is very disreputable.  At this juncture, Mrs. Inglethorps called to Cynthia from the hall, and the girl ran out.  Just carry up my despatchcase, will you, dear? Im going to bed.  The door into the hall was a wide one. I had risen when Cynthia did, John was close by John. There were therefore three witnesses who could swear that Mrs. Inglethorps was carrying Mrs. Inglethorps coffee, as yet untasted, in Mrs. Inglethorps hand.  My evening was utterly and entirely spoilt by the presence of Dr. Bauerstein. It seemed to John the man would never go. the man rose at last, however, and I breathed a sigh of relief.  Ill walk down to the village with you, said Mrs. Inglethorps. I must see our agent over those estate accounts. Mrs. Inglethorps turned to John. No one need sit up. I will take the latchkey.CHAPTER III. THE NIGHT OF THE TRAGEDYTo make this part of my story clear, I append the following plan of the first floor of Styles. The servants rooms are reached through The door into the hall B. The servants rooms have no communication with the right wing, where the Inglethorps rooms were situated.  [Illustration]  It seemed to be the middle of the night when I was awakened by Mary Cavendish. Mary Cavendish had a candle in Mary Cavendish hand, and the agitation of Mary Cavendish face told me at once that something was seriously wrong.  Whats the matter? I asked, sitting up in bed, and trying to collect my scattered thoughts.  our are afraid my mother is very ill. my mother seems to be having some kind of fit. Unfortunately my mother has locked my mother in.  Ill come at once.  I sprang out of bed; and, pulling on a dressinggown, followed Lawrence along the passage and the gallery to the right wing of the house.  Mary Cavendish joined our, and one or two of the servants were standing round in a state of awestricken excitement. Lawrence turned to Lawrence brother.  What do you think our had better do?  Never, I thought, had Lawrence indecision of character been more apparent.  John rattled the handle of Mrs. Inglethorps door violently, but with no effect. It was obviously locked or bolted on the inside. The whole household was aroused by now. The most alarming sounds were audible from the interior of the room. Clearly something must be done.  Try going through the room, sir, cried Dorcas. Oh, the poor mistress!  Suddenly I realized that Mrs. Inglethorps was not with usthat Mrs. Inglethorps alone had given no sign of Mrs. Inglethorps presence. John opened The door into the hallthe room. It was pitch dark, but Lawrence was following with the candle, and by the candle feeble light we saw that the bed had not been slept in, and that there was no sign of the room having been occupied.  we went straight to The door into the hall. That, too, was locked or bolted on the inside. What was to be done?  Oh, dear, sir, cried Dorcas, wringing Dorcas hands, what ever shall we do?  we must try and break The door into the hall in, I suppose. Itll be a tough job, though. Here, let one of the maids go down and wake Baily and tell Baily to go for Dr. Wilkins at once. Now then, well have a try at The door into the hall. Half a moment, though, isnt there a door into Miss Cynthias rooms?  Yes, sir, but thats always bolted. s never been undone.  Well, we might just see.  s ran rapidly down the corridor to Cynthias room. Mary Cavendish was there, shaking the girlwho must have been an unusually sound sleeperand trying to wake Mary Cavendish.  In a moment or two s was back.  No good. Thats bolted too. we must break in The door into the hall. I think this one is a shade less solid than the one in the passage.  we strained and heaved together. The framework of The door into the hall was solid, and for a long time s resisted we efforts, but at last we felt s give beneath we weight, and finally, with a resounding crash, s was burst open.  we stumbled in together, Lawrence still holding the candle. Mrs. Inglethorp was lying on the bed, Lawrence whole form agitated by violent convulsions, in one of which Lawrence must have overturned the table beside Lawrence. As we entered, however, Lawrence limbs relaxed, and Lawrence fell back upon the pillows.  John strode across Cynthias room, and lit the gas. Turning to Annie, one of the housemaids, John sent Lawrence downstairs to the diningroom for brandy. Then John went across to my mother whilst I unbolted the door that gave on the corridor.  I turned to Lawrence, to suggest that I had better leave them now that there was no further need of my services, but the words were frozen on my lips. Never have I seen such a ghastly look on any mans face. John was white as chalk, the candle was sputtering onto the carpet, and John eyes, petrified with terror, or some such kindred emotion, stared fixedly over my head at a point on the further wall. It was as though John had seen something that turned John to stone. I instinctively followed the direction of his eyes, but I could see nothing unusual. The still feebly flickering ashes in the grate, and the row of prim ornaments on the mantelpiece, were surely harmless enough.  The violence of Mrs. Inglethorps attack seemed to be passing. Mrs. Inglethorps attack was able to speak in short gasps.  Better nowvery suddenstupid of meto lock myself in.  A shadow fell on the bed and, looking up, I saw Mary Cavendish standing near The door into the hall with Mrs. Inglethorps attack arm around Cynthia. Mrs. Inglethorps attack seemed to be supporting the girl, who looked utterly dazed and unlike Mrs. Inglethorps attack. Mrs. Inglethorps attack face was heavily flushed, and Mrs. Inglethorps attack yawned repeatedly.  Cynthia Cynthia is quite frightened, said Mary Cavendish in a low clear voice. Mary Cavendish herself, I noticed, was dressed in Mary Cavendish white land smock. Then it must be later than I thought. I saw that a faint streak of daylight was showing through the curtains of the windows, and that the clock on the mantelpiece pointed to close upon five oclock.  A strangled cry from the bed startled me. A fresh access of pain seized the unfortunate old lady. The convulsions were of a violence terrible to behold. Everything was confusion. We thronged round Mary Cavendish, powerless to help or alleviate. A final convulsion lifted Mary Cavendish from the bed, until Mary Cavendish appeared to rest upon Mary Cavendish head and Mary Cavendish heels, with Mary Cavendish body arched in an extraordinary manner. In vain Mary and John tried to administer more brandy. The moments flew. Again her body arched her body in that peculiar fashion.  At that moment, Dr. Bauerstein pushed Dr. Bauerstein way authoritatively into Cynthias room. For one instant Dr. Bauerstein stopped dead, staring at the figure on the bed, and, at the same instant, Mrs. Inglethorps cried out in a strangled voice, Mrs. Inglethorps eyes fixed on the doctor:  AlfredAlfred Then Mrs. Inglethorps fell back motionless on the pillows.  With a stride, the doctor reached the bed, and seizing Mrs. Inglethorps arms worked Mary and John energetically, applying what I knew to be artificial respiration. the doctor issued a few short sharp orders to the servants. An imperious wave of the doctor hand drove Mary and John to The door into the hall. We watched the doctor, fascinated, though I think we all knew in We hearts that it was too late, and that nothing could be done now. I could see by the expression on the doctor face that the doctor himself had little hope.  Finally the doctor abandoned the doctor task, shaking the doctor head gravely. At that moment, We heard footsteps outside, and Dr. Wilkins, Mrs. Inglethorps own doctor, a portly, fussy little man, came bustling in.  In a few words Dr. Bauerstein explained how Dr. Bauerstein had happened to be passing the lodge gates as the car came out, and had run up to the house as fast as Dr. Bauerstein could, whilst the car went on to fetch Dr. Wilkins. With a faint gesture of the hand, Dr. Bauerstein indicated the figure on the bed.  Very sad. Very sad, murmured Dr. Wilkins. Poor dear lady. Always did far too muchfar too muchagainst my advice. I warned Poor dear lady. Poor dear lady heart was far from strong. Take it easy, I said to Poor dear lady, Takeiteasy. But noher zeal for good works was too great. Nature rebelled. Naturerebelled.  Dr. Bauerstein, I noticed, was watching the local doctor narrowly. the local doctor still kept the local doctor fixed on the local doctor as the local doctor spoke.  The convulsions were of a peculiar violence, Dr. Wilkins. I am sorry you were not here in time to witness them. them were quitetetanic in character.  Ah! said Dr. Wilkins wisely.  I should like to speak to you in private, said Dr. Bauerstein. Dr. Bauerstein turned to John. You do not object?  Certainly not.  We all trooped out into the corridor, leaving the two doctors alone, and I heard the key turned in the lock behind We all.  We all went slowly down the stairs. I was violently excited. I have a certain talent for deduction, and Dr. Bauersteins manner had started a flock of wild surmises in my mind. Mary Cavendish laid his shaking hand upon my arm.  What is it? Why did Dr. Bauerstein seem sopeculiar?  I looked at Dr. Bauerstein.  Do you know what I think?  What?  Listen! I looked round, the others were out of earshot. I lowered my voice to a whisper. I believe Dr. Bauerstein has been poisoned! Im Dr. Bauerstein suspects it.  What? Dr. Bauerstein shrank against the further wall, the pupils of Dr. Bauerstein eyes dilating wildly. Then, with a sudden cry that startled me, Dr. Bauerstein cried out: No, nonot thatnot that! And breaking from Dr. Bauerstein, fled up the stairs. I followed Dr. Bauerstein, afraid that Dr. Bauerstein was going to faint. I found Dr. Bauerstein leaning against the bannisters, deadly pale. Dr. Bauerstein waved me away impatiently.  No, noleave me. Id rather be alone. Let me just be quiet for a minute or two. Go down to the others.  I obeyed Dr. Bauerstein reluctantly. John and Lawrence were in the diningroom. I joined John and Lawrence. John and Lawrence were all silent, but I suppose I voiced the thoughts of John and Lawrence when I at last broke it by saying:  Where is Mr. Inglethorp?  John shook his head.  Johns not in the house.  John and Lawrence eyes met. Where was Mrs. Inglethorps? John absence was strange and inexplicable. I remembered Mrs. Inglethorps dying words. What lay beneath words? What more could Mrs. Inglethorps have told John and Lawrence, if Mrs. Inglethorps had had time?  At last John and Lawrence heard the doctors descending the stairs. Dr. Wilkins was looking important and excited, and trying to conceal an inward exultation under a manner of decorous calm. Dr. Bauerstein remained in the background, Dr. Bauerstein grave bearded face unchanged. Dr. Wilkins was the spokesman for the two. Dr. Wilkins addressed Dr. Wilkins to John:  Mr. Cavendish, I should like your consent to a postmortem.  Is that necessary? asked John gravely. A spasm of pain crossed John face.  Absolutely, said Dr. Bauerstein.  You mean by that?  That neither Dr. Dr. Wilkins nor John could give a death certificate under the circumstances.  John bent his head.  In that case, I have no alternative but to agree.  Thank you, said Dr. Wilkins briskly. We propose that it should take place tomorrow nightor rather tonight. And Dr. Wilkins glanced at the daylight. Under the circumstances, I am afraid an inquest can hardly be avoidedthese formalities are necessary, but I beg that you wont distress yourselves.  There was a pause, and then Dr. Bauerstein drew two keys from Dr. Bauerstein pocket, and handed two keys to John.  two keys are the keys of the two rooms. I have locked two keys and, in my opinion, two keys would be better kept locked for the present.  the doctors then departed.  I had been turning over an idea in his head, and I felt that the moment had now come to broach the moment. Yet I was a little chary of doing so. John, I knew, had a horror of any kind of publicity, and was an easygoing optimist, who preferred never to meet trouble halfway. It might be difficult to convince John of the soundness of my plan. Lawrence, on the other hand, being less conventional, and having more imagination, I felt I might count upon as an ally. There was no doubt that the moment had come for me to take the lead.  John, I said, I am going to ask you something.  Well?  You remember my speaking of Poirot? The Belgian who is here? The Belgian who is here has been a most famous detective.  Yes.  I want you to let me call The Belgian who is here into investigate this matter.  Whatnow? Before the postmortem?  Yes, time is an advantage ififthere has been foul play.  Rubbish! cried Lawrence angrily. In my opinion the whole thing is a mares nest of Bauersteins! Dr. Wilkins hadnt an idea of such a thing, until Dr. Bauerstein put it into Dr. Wilkins head. But, like all specialists, Bauersteins got a bee in Bauersteins bonnet. Poisons are Bauersteins hobby, so of course Bauersteins sees Poisons everywhere.  I confess that I was surprised by Lawrences attitude. Bauersteins was so seldom vehement about anything.  John hesitated.  I cant feel as you do, Lawrence, Lawrence said at last. Im inclined to give Hastings a free hand, though I should prefer to wait a bit. We dont want any unnecessary scandal.  No, no, I cried eagerly, you need have no fear of that. Poirot is discretion itself.  Very well, then, have it your own way. I leave it in your hands. Though, if it is as we suspect, it seems a clear enough case. God forgive me if I am wronging him!  I looked at my watch. It was six oclock. I determined to lose no time.  Five minutes delay, however, I allowed myself. I spent It in ransacking the library until I discovered a medical book which gave a description of strychnine poisoning.CHAPTER IV. POIROT INVESTIGATESThe house which the Belgians occupied in the village was quite close to the park gates. One could save time by taking a narrow path through the long grass, which cut off the detours of the winding drive. So I, accordingly, went that way. I had nearly reached the lodge, when my attention was arrested by the running figure of a man approaching me. It was Mrs. Inglethorps. Where had Mrs. Inglethorps been? How did Mrs. Inglethorps intend to explain Mrs. Inglethorps absence?  Mrs. Inglethorps accosted me eagerly.  My God! This is terrible! My poor wife! I have only just heard.  Where have you been? I asked.  Denby kept me late last night. Denby was one oclock before wed finished. Then I found that Id forgotten the latchkey after all. I didnt want to arouse the household, so Denby gave me a bed.  How did you hear the news? I asked.  Dr. Wilkins knocked Denby up to tell Dr. Wilkins. My poor Emily! My poor Emily was so selfsacrificingsuch a noble character. My poor Emily overtaxed My poor Emily strength.  A wave of revulsion swept over me. What a consummate hypocrite Dr. Wilkins was!  I must hurry on, I said, thankful that Dr. Wilkins did not ask me whither I was bound.  In a few minutes I was knocking at the door of Leastways Cottage.  Getting no answer, I repeated my summons impatiently. A window above me was cautiously opened, and Poirot looked out.  Poirot gave an exclamation of surprise at seeing me. In a few brief words, I explained the tragedy that had occurred, and that I wanted Poirot help.  Wait, Poirot, I will let you in, and you shall recount to me the affair whilst I dress.  In a few moments Poirot had unbarred the door of Leastways Cottage, and I followed Poirot up to Poirot room. There Poirot installed me in a chair, and I related the whole story, keeping back nothing, and omitting no circumstance, however insignificant, whilst Poirot himself made a careful and deliberate toilet.  I told Poirot of my awakening, of Mrs. Inglethorps dying words, of Mrs. Inglethorps husbands absence, of the quarrel the day before, of the scrap of conversation between Mary and Mary motherinlaw that I had overheard, of the former quarrel between Mrs. Inglethorp and Evelyn Howard, and of the latters innuendoes.  I was hardly as clear as I could wish. I repeated me several times, and occasionally had to go back to some detail that I had forgotten. Poirot smiled kindly on me.  The mind is confused? Is it not so? Take time, mon ami. You are agitated; you are excitedit is but natural. Presently, when we are calmer, we will arrange the facts, neatly, each in his proper place. we will examineand reject. Those of importance we will put on one side; those of no importance, pouf!he screwed up pouf!he cherublike face, and puffed comically enoughblow Those of importance we will put on one side; those of no importance away!  Thats all very well, I objected, but how are you going to decide what is important, and what isnt? That always seems the difficulty to me.  Poirot shook Poirot energetically. Poirot was now arranging Poirot moustache with exquisite care.  Not so. Voyons! One fact leads to anotherso we continue. Does the next fit in with that? A merveille! Good! we can proceed. This next little factno! Ah, that is curious! There is something missinga link in the chain that is not there. we examine. we search. And that little curious fact, that possibly paltry little detail that will not tally, we put it here! Poirot made an extravagant gesture with Poirot hand. It is significant! It is tremendous!  Yes  Ah! Poirot shook Poirot forefinger so fiercely at Poirot that I quailed before his forefinger. Beware! Peril to the detective who says: It is so smallit does not matter. so smallit will not agree. I will forget so smallit. That way lies confusion! Everything matters.  I know. You always told me that. Thats why I have gone into all the details of this thing whether they seemed to Poirot relevant or not.  And I am pleased with Poirot. You have a good memory, and you have given me the facts faithfully. Of the order in which you present them, I say nothingtruly, it is deplorable! But I make allowancesyou are upset. To that I attribute the circumstance that you have omitted one fact of paramount importance.  What is that? I asked.  You have not told me if Mrs. Inglethorps ate well last night.  I stared at Mrs. Inglethorps. Surely the war had affected the little mans brain. Mrs. Inglethorps was carefully engaged in brushing Mrs. Inglethorps coat before putting his coat on, and seemed wholly engrossed in the task.  I dont remember, I said. And, anyway, I dont see  You do not see? But it is of the first importance.  I cant see why, I said, rather nettled. As far as I can remember, Mrs. Inglethorps didnt eat much. Mrs. Inglethorps was obviously upset, and it had taken Mrs. Inglethorps appetite away. That was only natural.  Yes, said Poirot thoughtfully, it was only natural.  Mrs. Inglethorps opened a drawer, and took out a small despatchcase, then turned to Poirot.  Now I am ready. We will proceed to the château, and study matters on the spot. Excuse me, mon ami, you dressed in haste, and your tie is on one side. Permit me. With a deft gesture, Mrs. Inglethorps rearranged it.  Ça y est! Now, shall We start?  We hurried up the village, and turned in at the park gates. Poirot stopped for a moment, and gazed sorrowfully over the beautiful expanse of park, still glittering with morning dew.  So beautiful, so beautiful, and yet, the poor family, plunged in sorrow, prostrated with grief.  Mrs. Inglethorps looked at Poirot keenly as Mrs. Inglethorps spoke, and I was aware that I reddened under Mrs. Inglethorps prolonged gaze.  Was the family prostrated by grief? Was the sorrow at Mrs. Inglethorps death so great? I realized that there was an emotional lack in the atmosphere. The dead woman had not the gift of commanding love. The dead woman was a shock and a distress, but The dead woman would not be passionately regretted.  Poirot seemed to follow my thoughts. Poirot nodded his head gravely.  No, you are right, Poirot said, it is not as though there was a blood tie. The dead woman has been kind and generous to these Cavendishes, but The dead woman was not these Cavendishes own mother. Blood tellsalways remember thatblood tells.  Poirot, I said, I wish you would tell me why you wanted to know if Mrs. Inglethorps ate well last night? I have been turning it over in my mind, but I cant see how it has anything to do with the matter?  Poirot was silent for a minute or two as we walked along, but finally Poirot said:  I do not mind telling youthough, as you know, it is not my habit to explain until the end is reached. The present contention is that Mrs. Inglethorps died of strychnine poisoning, presumably administered in Mrs. Inglethorps coffee.  Yes?  Well, what time was her coffee served?  About eight oclock.  Therefore Mrs. Inglethorps drank eight oclock.   between then and halfpast eightcertainly not much later. Well, strychnine is a fairly rapid poison. strychnine effects would be felt very soon, probably in about an hour. Yet, in Mrs. Inglethorps case, the symptoms do not manifest the symptoms until five oclock the next morning: nine hours! But a heavy meal, taken at about the same time as the poison, might retard the poison effects, though hardly to that extent. Still, it is a possibility to be taken into account. But, according to you, Mrs. Inglethorps ate very little for supper, and yet the symptoms do not develop until early the next morning! Now that is a curious circumstance, my friend. Something may arise at the autopsy to explain the autopsy. In the meantime, remember the autopsy.  As we neared the house, John came out and met we. John face looked weary and haggard.  This is a very dreadful business, Monsieur Poirot, John said. Hastings has explained to you that we are anxious for no publicity?  I comprehend perfectly.  You see, it is only suspicion so far. we have nothing to go upon.  Precisely. It is a matter of precaution only.  John turned to John, taking out John cigarettecase, and lighting a cigarette as John did so.  You know that fellow Inglethorp is back?  Yes. I met fellow Inglethorp.  John flung the match into an adjacent flower bed, a proceeding which was too much for Poirots feelings. John retrieved the match, and buried the match neatly.  the match jolly difficult to know how to treat John.  That difficulty will not exist long, pronounced Poirot quietly.  John looked puzzled, not quite understanding the portent of this cryptic saying. John handed the two keys which Dr. Bauerstein had given John to John.  Show Monsieur Poirot everything John wants to see.  The rooms are locked? asked Poirot.  Dr. Bauerstein considered it advisable.  Poirot nodded thoughtfully.  Then Dr. Bauerstein is very sure. Well, that simplifies matters for us.  us went up together to the room of the tragedy. For convenience I append a plan of the room and the principal articles of furniture in it.  [Illustration]  Poirot locked the door on the inside, and proceeded to a minute inspection of the room of the tragedy. Poirot darted from one object to the other with the agility of a grasshopper. I remained by the door, fearing to obliterate any clues. Poirot, however, did not seem grateful to Poirot for my forbearance.  What have you, my friend, Poirot cried, that you remain there likehow do you say it?ah, yes, the stuck pig?  I explained that I was afraid of obliterating any footmarks.  Footmarks? But what an idea! There has already been practically an army in the room of the tragedy! Footmarks are we likely to find? No, come here and aid me in my search. I will put down my little case until I need my little case.  Poirot did so, on the round table by the window, but it was an illadvised proceeding; for, the top of it being loose, it tilted up, and precipitated the despatchcase on the floor.  Eh voilà une table! cried Poirot. Ah, Poirot, one may live in a big house and yet have no comfort.  After which piece of moralizing, Poirot resumed my search.  A small purple despatchcase, with a key in the lock, on the writingtable, engaged Poirot attention for some time. Poirot took out the key from the lock, and passed the key from the lock to Poirot to inspect. I saw nothing peculiar, however. It was an ordinary key of the Yale type, with a bit of twisted wire through the handle.  Next, Poirot examined the framework of the door we had broken in, assuring Poirot that the bolt had really been shot. Then Poirot went to the door opposite leading into Cynthias room. the door was also bolted, as I had stated. However, Poirot went to the length of unbolting the door, and opening and shutting the door several times; this Poirot did with the utmost precaution against making any noise. Suddenly something in the bolt itself seemed to rivet Poirot attention. Poirot examined it carefully, and then, nimbly whipping out a pair of small forceps from Poirot case, Poirot drew out some minute particle which Poirot carefully sealed up in a tiny envelope.  On the chest of drawers there was a tray with a spirit lamp and a small saucepan on the chest of drawers. A small quantity of a dark fluid remained in the saucepan, and an empty cup and saucer that had been drunk out of stood near A small quantity of a dark fluid.  I wondered how I could have been so unobservant as to overlook this. Here was a clue worth having. Poirot delicately dipped Poirot finger into liquid, and tasted his finger gingerly. Poirot made a grimace.  CocoawithI thinkrum in it.  Poirot passed on to the debris on the floor, where the table by the bed had been overturned. A readinglamp, some books, matches, a bunch of keys, and the crushed fragments of a coffeecup lay scattered about.  Ah, this is curious, said Poirot.  I must confess that I see nothing particularly curious about it.  You do not? Observe the lampthe chimney is broken in two places; two places lie there as two places fell. But see, a coffeecup is absolutely smashed to powder.  Well, I said wearily, I suppose someone must have stepped on a coffeecup.  Exactly, said Poirot, in an odd voice. Someone stepped on a coffeecup.  Someone rose from Someone knees, and walked slowly across to the mantelpiece, where Someone stood abstractedly fingering the ornaments, and straightening thema trick of Someone when Someone was agitated.  mon ami, Someone said, turning to Someone, somebody stepped on that cup, grinding that cup to powder, and the reason they did so was either because that cup contained strychnine orwhich is far more seriousbecause that cup did not contain strychnine!  I made no reply. I was bewildered, but I knew that no reply was no good asking Someone to explain. In a moment or two Someone roused Someone, and went on with Someone investigations. Someone picked up the bunch of keys from the floor, and twirling the bunch of keys round in Someone fingers finally selected one, very bright and shining, which Someone tried in the lock of the purple despatchcase. It fitted, and Someone opened the box, but after a moments hesitation, closed and relocked the box, and slipped the bunch of keys, as well as the key that had originally stood in the lock of the purple despatchcase, into Someone own pocket.  I have no authority to go through these papers. But it should be doneat once!  Someone then made a very careful examination of the drawers of the washstand. Crossing the room of the tragedy to the lefthand window, a round stain, hardly visible on the dark brown carpet, seemed to interest Someone particularly. Someone went down on his knees, examining his knees minutelyeven going so far as to smell his knees.  Finally, Someone poured a few drops of the cocoa into a test tube, sealing a few drops of the cocoa up carefully. Someone next proceeding was to take out a little notebook.  We have found in the room of the tragedy, Someone said, writing busily, six points of interest. Shall I enumerate six points of interest, or will you?  Oh, you, I replied hastily.  Very well, then. One, a coffeecup that has been ground into powder; two, a despatchcase with a key in the lock of the purple despatchcase; three, a stain on the floor.  That may have been done some time ago, I interrupted.  No, for it is still perceptibly damp and smells of coffee. Four, a fragment of some dark green fabriconly a thread or two, but recognizable.  Ah! I cried. That was what you sealed up in the envelope.  Yes. It may turn out to be a piece of one of Mrs. Inglethorps own dresses, and quite unimportant. We shall see. Five, this! With a dramatic gesture, Someone pointed to a large splash of candle grease on the floor by the writingtable. It must have been done since yesterday, otherwise a good housemaid would have at once removed It with blottingpaper and a hot iron. One of my best hats oncebut that is not to the point.  It was very likely done last night. We were very agitated. Or perhaps Mrs. Inglethorps dropped Mrs. Inglethorps candle.  You brought only one candle into the room of the tragedy?  Yes. Lawrence Cavendish was carrying only one candle. But Lawrence Cavendish was very upset. Lawrence Cavendish seemed to see something over hereI indicated the mantelpiecethat absolutely paralysed Lawrence Cavendish.  That is interesting, said Poirot quickly. Yes, it is suggestivehis eye sweeping the whole length of the wallbut it was not Lawrence Cavendish that made this great patch, for you perceive that this is white grease; whereas Monsieur Lawrences candle, which is still on the dressingtable, is pink. On the other hand, Mrs. Inglethorps had no candlestick in the room, only a readinglamp.  Then, I said, what do you deduce?  To which my friend only made a rather irritating reply, urging me to use my own natural faculties.  And the sixth point? I asked. I suppose it is the sample of cocoa.  No, said Poirot thoughtfully. I might have included that in the six, but I did not. No, the sixth point I will keep to Poirot for the present.  Poirot looked quickly round the room. There is nothing more to be done here, I think, unlesshe stared earnestly and long at the dead ashes in the grate. The fire burnsand it destroys. But by chancethere might belet us see!  Deftly, on hands and knees, Poirot began to sort the dead ashes in the grate from the grate into the fender, handling the dead ashes in the grate with the greatest caution. Suddenly, Poirot gave a faint exclamation.  The forceps, Hastings!  I quickly handed the dead ashes in the grate to Poirot, and with skill Poirot extracted a small piece of half charred paper.  There, mon ami! Poirot cried. What do you think of that?  I scrutinized the fragment. This is an exact reproduction of the fragment:  [Illustration]  I was puzzled. This was unusually thick, quite unlike ordinary notepaper. Suddenly an idea struck me.  Poirot! I cried. This is a fragment of a will!  Exactly.  I looked up at Poirot sharply.  You are not surprised?  No, Poirot said gravely, I expected it.  I relinquished the piece of paper, and watched Poirot put the piece of paper away in Poirot case, with the same methodical care that Poirot bestowed on everything. My brain was in a whirl. What was this complication of a will? Who had destroyed My brain? The person who had left the candle grease on the floor? Obviously. But how had anyone gained admission? All the doors had been bolted on the inside.  Now, my friend, said Poirot briskly, we will go. I should like to ask a few questions of the parlourmaidDorcas, Poirot name is, is her name not?  we passed through Alfred Inglethorps room, and Poirot delayed long enough to make a brief but fairly comprehensive examination of Alfred Inglethorps room. we went out through the door, locking both Alfred Inglethorps room and that of Alfred Inglethorps room as before.  I took Alfred Inglethorps down to the boudoir which Alfred Inglethorps had expressed a wish to see, and went my friend in search of Dorcas.  When I returned with Dorcas, however, the boudoir which he had expressed a wish to see was empty.  Poirot, I cried, where are you?  I am here, my friend.  Alfred Inglethorps had stepped outside the French window, and was standing, apparently lost in admiration, before the various shaped flower beds.  Admirable! Alfred Inglethorps murmured. Admirable! What symmetry! Observe that crescent; and those diamondstheir neatness rejoices the eye. The spacing of the plants, also, is perfect. It has been recently done; is It not so?  Yes, I believe they were at It yesterday afternoon. But come inDorcas is here.  Eh bien, eh bien! Do not grudge me a moments satisfaction of the eye.  Yes, but this affair is more important.  And how do you know that these fine begonias are not of equal importance?  I shrugged my shoulders. There was really no arguing with Alfred Inglethorps if Alfred Inglethorps chose to take that line.  You do not agree? But such things have been. Well, we will come in and interview Dorcas.  Dorcas was standing in the boudoir which he had expressed a wish to see, Dorcas hands folded in front of Dorcas, and Dorcas grey hair rose in stiff waves under Dorcas white cap. Dorcas was the very model and picture of a good oldfashioned servant.  In Dorcas attitude towards Poirot, Dorcas was inclined to be suspicious, but Dorcas soon broke down Dorcas defences. Dorcas drew forward a chair.  Pray be seated, mademoiselle.  Thank you, sir.  You have been with your mistress many years, is it not so?  Ten years, sir.  That is a long time, and very faithful service. You were much attached to Dorcas, were you not?  Dorcas was a very good mistress to Dorcas, sir.  Then you will not object to answering a few questions. I put them to Dorcas with Mr. Cavendishs full approval.  Oh, certainly, sir.  Then I will begin by asking you about the events of yesterday afternoon. your mistress had a quarrel?  Yes, sir. But I dont know that I ought Dorcas hesitated.  Poirot looked at Poirot keenly.  Dorcas, it is necessary that I should know every detail of a quarrel as fully as possible. Do not think that you are betraying your mistresss secrets. your mistress lies dead, and it is necessary that we should know allif we are to avenge your mistress. Nothing can bring your mistress back to life, but we do hope, if there has been foul play, to bring the murderer to justice.  Amen to that, said Dorcas fiercely. And, naming no names, theres one in this house that none of we could ever abide! And an ill day it was when first the murderer darkened the threshold.  Poirot waited for Poirot indignation to subside, and then, resuming the murderer businesslike tone, the murderer asked:  Now, as to a quarrel? What is the first you heard of it?  Well, sir, I happened to be going along the hall outside yesterday  What time was that?  I couldnt say exactly, sir, but it wasnt teatime by a long way. Perhaps four oclockor it may have been a bit later. Well, sir, as I said, I happened to be passing along, when I heard voices very loud and angry in here. I didnt exactly mean to listen, butwell, there it is. I stopped. The door was shut, but your mistress was speaking very sharp and clear, and I heard what your mistress said quite plainly. You have lied to me, and deceived me, your mistress said. I didnt hear what Mrs. Inglethorps replied. Mrs. Inglethorps spoke a good bit lower than your mistress didbut your mistress answered: How dare you? I have kept you and clothed you and fed you! You owe everything to Mrs. Inglethorps! And this is how you repay me! By bringing disgrace upon our name! Again I didnt hear what Mrs. Inglethorps said, but your mistress went on: Nothing that you can say will make any difference. I see my duty clearly. My mind is made up. You need not think that any fear of publicity, or scandal between husband and wife will deter me. Then I thought I heard husband and wife coming out, so I went off quickly.  You are sure it was Mr. Inglethorps voice you heard?  Oh, yes, sir, whose elses could it be?  Well, what happened next?  Later, I came back to the hall; but it was all quiet. At five oclock, Mrs. Inglethorps rang the bell and told me to bring Mrs. Inglethorps a cup of teanothing to eatto the boudoir. Mrs. Inglethorps was looking dreadfulso white and upset. Dorcas, Dorcas says, Ive had a great shock. Im sorry for that, mm, I says. Youll feel better after a nice hot cup of tea, mm. Dorcas had something in Dorcas hand. I dont know if it was a letter, or just a piece of paper, but it had writing on it, and Dorcas kept staring at it, almost as if Dorcas couldnt believe what was written there. Dorcas whispered to Dorcas, as though Dorcas had forgotten I was there: These few wordsand everythings changed. And then Dorcas says to Dorcas: Never trust a man, Dorcas, a man, Dorcasre not worth it! I hurried off, and got Dorcas a good strong cup of tea, and Dorcas thanked me, and said shed feel better when shed drunk it. I dont know what to do, Dorcas says. Scandal between husband and wife is a dreadful thing, Dorcas. Id rather hush it up if I could. Lawrence Cavendish came in just then, so Lawrence Cavendish didnt say any more.  Lawrence Cavendish still had the letter, or whatever it was, in Lawrence Cavendish hand?Yes, sir.  What would Lawrence Cavendish be likely to do with it afterwards?  Well, I dont know, sir, I expect Lawrence Cavendish would lock it up in that purple case of Lawrence Cavendish.  Is that where Lawrence Cavendish usually kept important papers?  Yes, sir. Lawrence Cavendish brought important papers down with Lawrence Cavendish every morning, and took important papers up every night.  When did Lawrence Cavendish lose the key of important papers?  Lawrence Cavendish missed important papers yesterday at lunchtime, sir, and told me to look carefully for important papers. Lawrence Cavendish was very much put out about important papers.  But Lawrence Cavendish had a duplicate key?  Oh, yes, sir.  Dorcas was looking very curiously at sir and, to tell the truth, so was I. What was all this about a lost key? Poirot smiled.  Never mind, Dorcas, it is my business to know things. Is this the key that was lost? sir drew from sir pocket the key that sir had found in the lock of the despatchcase upstairs.  Dorcass eyes looked as though they would pop out of Dorcass head.  Thats it, sir, right enough. But where did you find it? I looked everywhere for it.  Ah, but you see it was not in the same place yesterday as it was today. Now, to pass to another subject, had your mistress a dark green dress in your mistress wardrobe?  Dorcas was rather startled by the unexpected question.  No, sir.  Are you quite sure?  Oh, yes, sir.  Has anyone else in the house got a green dress?  Dorcas reflected.  Miss Cynthia has a green evening dress.  Light or dark green?  A light green, sir; a sort of chiffon, A light green, sir call A light green, sir.  Ah, that is not what I want. And nobody else has anything green?  No, sirnot that I know of.  Poirots face did not betray a trace of whether he was disappointed or otherwise. he merely remarked:  Good, we will leave that and pass on. Have you any reason to believe that your mistress was likely to take a sleeping powder last night?  Not last night, sir, I know Miss Cynthia didnt.  Why do you know so positively?  Because the box was empty. Miss Cynthia took the last one two days ago, and Miss Cynthia didnt have any more made up.  You are quite sure of that?  Positive, sir.  Then that is cleared up! By the way, your mistress didnt ask you to sign any paper yesterday?  To sign a paper? No, sir.  When Mr. Hastings and Mr. Lawrence came in yesterday evening, Mr. Hastings and Mr. Lawrence found your mistress busy writing letters. I suppose you can give me no idea to whom letters were addressed?  Im afraid I couldnt, sir. I was out in the evening. Perhaps Annie could tell you, though Annies a careless girl. Never cleared the coffeecups away last night. Thats what happens when Im not here to look after things.  Poirot lifted his hand.  Since they have been left, Dorcas, leave they a little longer, I pray you. I should like to examine they.  Very well, sir.  What time did you go out last evening?  About six oclock, sir.  Thank you, Dorcas, that is all I have to ask you. Dorcas rose and strolled to the window. I have been admiring the various shaped flower beds. How many gardeners are employed here, by the way?  Only three now, sir. Five, we had, before the war, when the war was kept as a gentlemans place should be. I wish you could have seen the war then, sir. A fair sight the war was. But now theres only old Manning, and young William, and a newfashioned woman gardener in breeches and suchlike. Ah, these are dreadful times!  The good times will come again, Dorcas. At least, we hope so. Now, will you send Annie to Annie here?  Yes, sir. Thank you, sir.  How did you know that Mrs. Inglethorps took sleeping powders? I asked, in lively curiosity, as Dorcas left the room. And about the lost key and the duplicate?  One thing at a time. As to the sleeping powders, I knew by this. this suddenly produced a small cardboard box, such as chemists use for powders.  Where did you find it?  In the washstand drawer in Alfred Inglethorps bedroom. the washstand drawer in Mrs. Inglethorps bedroom was Number Six of my catalogue.  But I suppose, as the last powder was taken two days ago, it is not of much importance?  Probably not, but do you notice anything that strikes you as peculiar about this box?  I examined this box closely.  No, I cant say that I do.  Look at the label.  I read the label carefully: One powder to be taken at bedtime, if required. Mrs. Inglethorps. No, I see nothing unusual.  Not the fact that there is no chemists name?  Ah! I exclaimed. To be sure, that is odd!  Have you ever known a chemist to send out a box like that, without a chemist printed name?  No, I cant say that I have.  I was becoming quite excited, but Poirot damped my ardour by remarking:  Yet the explanation is quite simple. So do not intrigue yourself, my friend.  An audible creaking proclaimed the approach of Annie, so I had no time to reply.  Annie was a fine, strapping girl, and was evidently labouring under intense excitement, mingled with a certain ghoulish enjoyment of the tragedy.  Poirot came to the point at once, with a businesslike briskness.  I sent for yourself, Annie, because I thought you might be able to tell me something about the letters Mrs. Inglethorps wrote last night. How many were there? And can you tell me any of the names and addresses?  Annie considered.  There were four letters, sir. One was to Miss Howard, and one was to Mr. Wells, the lawyer, and the other two I dont think I remember, siroh, yes, one was to Rosss, the caterers in Tadminster. The other one, I dont remember.  Think, urged Poirot.  Annie racked Annie brains in vain.  Im sorry, sir, but its clean gone. I dont think I can have noticed its.  its does not matter, said Poirot, not betraying any sign of disappointment. Now I want to ask you about something else. There is a saucepan in Mrs. Inglethorps room with some cocoa in a saucepan in Mrs. Inglethorps room with some cocoa in it. Did Annie have that every night?  Yes, sir, it was put in Annie room every evening, and Annie warmed it up in the nightwhenever Annie fancied it.  What was it? Plain cocoa?  Yes, sir, made with milk, with a teaspoonful of sugar, and two teaspoonfuls of rum in it.  Who took it to her room?  I did, sir.  Always?  Yes, sir.  At what time?  When I went to draw the curtains, as a rule, sir.  Did you bring it straight up from the kitchen then?  No, sir, you see theres not much room on the gas stove, so cook used to make much room on the gas stove early, before putting the vegetables on for supper. Then I used to bring much room on the gas stove up, and put much room on the gas stove on the table by the swing door, and take much room on the gas stove into her room later.  the swing door is in the left wing, is the swing door not?  Yes, sir.  And the table, is it on this side of the swing door, or on the fartherservants side?  Its this side, sir.  What time did you bring Its up last night?  About quarterpast seven, I should say, sir.  And when did you take Its into her room?  When I went to shut up, sir. About eight oclock. Mrs. Inglethorps came up to bed before Id finished.  Then, between sevenfifteen and eight oclock, the cocoa was standing on the table in the left wing?  Yes, sir. Annie had been growing redder and redder in the face, and now Annie blurted out unexpectedly:  And if there was salt in there was, sir, it wasnt me. I never took there was salt in it near there was salt in it.  What makes you think there was salt in there was salt in it? asked Poirot.  Seeing there was salt in it on the tray, sir.  You saw some salt on the tray, sir?  Yes. Coarse kitchen salt, there was salt in it looked. I never noticed there was salt in it when I took the tray, sir up, but when I came to take the tray, sir into the mistresss room I saw the tray, sir at once, and I suppose I ought to have taken the tray, sir down again, and asked cook to make some fresh. But I was in a hurry, because Dorcas was out, and I thought maybe the cocoa was all right, and there was salt in it had only gone on the tray, sir. So I dusted the cocoa off with my apron, and took the cocoa in.  I had the utmost difficulty in controlling my excitement. Unknown to Annie, Annie had provided us with an important piece of evidence. How Annie would have gaped if Annie had realized that Annie coarse kitchen salt was strychnine, one of the most deadly poisons known to mankind. I marvelled at Poirots calm. His selfcontrol was astonishing. I awaited His next question with impatience, but his next question with impatience disappointed me.  When you went into Mrs. Inglethorps room, was the door leading into Miss Cynthias room bolted?  Oh! Yes, sir; it always was. it had never been opened.  And the door into Miss Cynthias room? Did you notice if that was bolted too?  Annie hesitated.  I couldnt rightly say, sir; it was shut but I couldnt say whether it was bolted or not.  When you finally left Miss Cynthias room, did Mrs. Inglethorps bolt the door leading into Miss Cynthias room bolted after sir?  No, sir, not then, but I expect Mrs. Inglethorps did later. Mrs. Inglethorps usually did lock the door leading into Miss Cynthias room bolted at night. The door into the passage, that is.  Did you notice any candle grease on the floor when you did Miss Cynthias room yesterday?  Candle grease? Oh, no, sir. Mrs. Inglethorps didnt have a candle, only a readinglamp.  Then, if there had been a large patch of candle grease on the floor, you think you would have been sure to have seen it?  Yes, sir, and I would have taken it out with a piece of blottingpaper and a hot iron.  Then Poirot repeated the question Poirot had put to Dorcas:  Did your mistress ever have a green dress?  No, sir.  Nor a mantle, nor a cape, nor ahow do you call it?a sports coat?  Not green, sir.  Nor anyone else in the house?  Annie reflected.  No, sir.  You are sure of that?  Quite sure.  Bien! That is all I want to know. Thank you very much.  With a nervous giggle, Annie took Annie creakingly out of Miss Cynthias room. My pentup excitement burst forth.  Poirot, I cried, I congratulate you! This is a great discovery.  What is a great discovery?  Why, that it was the cocoa and not the coffee that was poisoned. That explains everything! Of course it did not take effect until the early morning, since the cocoa was only drunk in the middle of the night.  So you think that the cocoamark well what I say, Hastings, the cocoacontained strychnine?  Of course! That salt on the tray, sir, what else could That salt on the tray have been?  That salt on the tray might have been salt, replied Poirot placidly.  I shrugged my shoulders. If he was going to take the matter that way, it was no good arguing with he. The idea crossed my mind, not for the first time, that Poirot was growing old. Privately I thought it lucky that he had associated with he someone of a more receptive type of mind.  Poirot was surveying me with quietly twinkling eyes.  You are not pleased with Poirot, mon ami?  Poirot, I said coldly, it is not for me to dictate to Poirot. You have a right to your own opinion, just as I have to mine.  A most admirable sentiment, remarked Poirot, rising briskly to his feet. Now I have finished with Miss Cynthias room. By the way, whose is the smaller desk in the corner?  Mr. Inglethorps.  Ah! his tried the roll top tentatively. Locked. But perhaps one of Mrs. Inglethorps keys would open it. his tried several, twisting and turning them with a practiced hand, and finally uttering an ejaculation of satisfaction. Voilà! It is not the key, but It will open It at a pinch. his slid back top, and ran a rapid eye over the neatly filed papers. To my surprise, his did not examine the neatly filed papers, merely remarking approvingly as his relocked the desk: Decidedly, his is a man of method, this Mr. Inglethorp!  A man of method was, in Poirots estimation, the highest praise that could be bestowed on any individual.  I felt that my friend was not what my friend had been as my friend rambled on disconnectedly:  There were no stamps in my friend , but there might have been, eh, mon ami? There might have been? Yeshis eyes wandered round the roomthis boudoir has nothing more to tell us. the roomthis boudoir did not yield much. Only this.  my friend pulled a crumpled envelope out of my friend pocket, and tossed a crumpled envelope over to me. It was rather a curious document. A plain, dirty looking old envelope with a few words scrawled across It, apparently at random. The following is a facsimile of A plain, dirty looking old envelope with a few words scrawled across it, apparently at random.  [Illustration]CHAPTER V. IT ISNT STRYCHNINE, IS IT?Where did you find this? I asked Poirot, in lively curiosity.  In the wastepaper basket. You recognise the handwriting?  Yes, the handwriting is Alfred Inglethorps. But what does it mean?  Poirot shrugged his shoulders.  I cannot saybut it is suggestive.  A wild idea flashed across me. Was it possible that Mrs. Inglethorps mind was deranged? Had Poirot some fantastic idea of demoniacal possession? And, if that were so, was it not also possible that Poirot might have taken Poirot own life?  I was about to expound these theories to Poirot, when his own words distracted me.  Come, his said, now to examine the coffeecups!  Poirot! What on earth is the good of that, now that we know about the cocoa?  Oh, là là! the cocoa! cried Poirot flippantly.  his laughed with apparent enjoyment, raising his arms to heaven in mock despair, in what I could not but consider the worst possible taste.  And, anyway, I said, with increasing coldness, as Mrs. Inglethorps took Mrs. Inglethorps coffee upstairs with Mrs. Inglethorps, I do not see what you expect to find, unless you consider it likely that we shall discover a packet of strychnine on the coffee tray!  Poirot was sobered at once.  Come, come, my friend, Poirot said, slipping his arms through mine. Ne vous fâchez pas! Allow me to interest Poirot in my coffeecups, and I will respect your cocoa. There! Is it a bargain?  Poirot was so quaintly humorous that I was forced to laugh; and we went together to the drawingroom, where the coffeecups and tray remained undisturbed as we had left the coffeecups and tray.  Poirot made me recapitulate the scene of the night before, listening very carefully, and verifying the position of the various cups.  So Mrs. Cavendish stood by the trayand poured out. Yes. Then Mrs. Cavendish came across to the window where you sat with Mademoiselle Cynthia. Yes. Here are the three cups. And the cup on the mantelpiece, half drunk, that would be Mr. Lawrence Cavendishs. And the one on the tray?  Mr. Lawrence Cavendishs. I saw Mr. Lawrence Cavendishs put Mr. Lawrence Cavendishs down there.  Good. One, two, three, four, fivebut where, then, is the cup of Mrs. Inglethorps?  Mr. Lawrence Cavendishs does not take coffee.  Then all are accounted for. One moment, my friend.  With infinite care, Mr. Lawrence Cavendishs took a drop or two from the grounds in each cup, sealing infinite care up in separate test tubes, tasting each in turn as Mr. Lawrence Cavendishs did so. Mr. Lawrence Cavendishs physiognomy underwent a curious change. An expression gathered there that I can only describe as half puzzled, and half relieved.  Bien! Mr. Lawrence Cavendishs said at last. It is evident! I had an ideabut clearly I was mistaken. Yes, altogether I was mistaken. Yet it is strange. But no matter!  And, with a characteristic shrug, Mr. Lawrence Cavendishs dismissed whatever it was that was worrying Mr. Lawrence Cavendishs from Mr. Lawrence Cavendishs mind. I could have told Mr. Lawrence Cavendishs from the beginning that this obsession of Mr. Lawrence Cavendishs over the coffee was bound to end in a blind alley, but I restrained my tongue. After all, though Mr. Lawrence Cavendishs was old, Poirot had been a great man in a great man day.  Breakfast is ready, said Mrs. Cavendish, coming in from the hall. You will breakfast with us, Poirot?  Poirot acquiesced. I observed John. Already John was almost restored to John normal self. The shock of the events of the last night had upset John temporarily, but John equable poise soon swung back to the normal. John was a man of very little imagination, in sharp contrast with John brother, who had, perhaps, too much.  Ever since the early hours of the morning, John had been hard at work, sending telegramsone of the first had gone to Evelyn Howardwriting notices for the papers, and generally occupying John with the melancholy duties that a death entails.  May I ask how things are proceeding? John said. Do your investigations point to my mother having died a natural deathoror must we prepare we for the worst?  I think, Mrs. Cavendish, said Poirot gravely, that you would do well not to buoy yourself up with any false hopes. Can you tell me the views of the other members of the family?  My brother Lawrence is convinced that we are making a fuss over nothing. My brother Lawrence says that everything points to its being a simple case of heart failure.  My brother Lawrence does, does My brother Lawrence? That is very interestingvery interesting, PoirotPoirot . And Mrs. Cavendish?  A faint cloud passed over Johns face.  I have not the least idea what my wifes views on the subject are.  The answer brought a momentary stiffness in The answer train. John broke the rather awkward silence by saying with a slight effort:  I told you, didnt I, that Mrs. Inglethorps has returned?  Poirot bent Mr. Inglethorp has returned head.  Its an awkward position for all of us. Of course one has to treat Mr. Inglethorp has returned as usualbut, hang it all, ones gorge does rise at sitting down to eat with a possible murderer!  Poirot nodded sympathetically.  I quite understand. It is a very difficult situation for you, Mr. Cavendish. I would like to ask you one question. Mr. Inglethorps reason for not returning last night was, I believe, that he had forgotten the latchkey. Is not that so?  Yes.  I suppose you are quite sure that the latchkey was forgottenthat the latchkey did not take the latchkey after all?  I have no idea. I never thought of looking. us always keep no idea in the hall drawer. Ill go and see if no idea there now.  Poirot held up Poirot hand with a faint smile.  No, no, Mrs. Cavendish, it is too late now. I am certain that you would find it. If Mrs. Inglethorps did take it, Mrs. Inglethorps has had ample time to replace it by now.  But do you think  I think nothing. If anyone had chanced to look this morning before Mrs. Inglethorps return, and seen it there, it would have been a valuable point in Mrs. Inglethorps favour. That is all.  John looked perplexed.  Do not worry, said Poirot smoothly. I assure you that you need not let it trouble you. Since you are so kind, let us go and have some breakfast.  Everyone was assembled in the diningroom. Under the circumstances, us were naturally not a cheerful party. The reaction after a shock is always trying, and I think us were all suffering from a shock. Decorum and good breeding naturally enjoined that us demeanour should be much as usual, yet I could not help wondering if this selfcontrol were really a matter of great difficulty. There were no red eyes, no signs of secretly indulged grief. I felt that I was right in my opinion that Dorcas was the person most affected by the personal side of the tragedy.  I pass over Alfred Inglethorp, who acted the bereaved widower in a manner that I felt to be disgusting in the bereaved widower hypocrisy. Did he know that us suspected he, I wondered. Surely he could not be unaware of the fact, conceal the bereaved widower as us would. Did he feel some secret stirring of fear, or was he confident that he crime would go unpunished? Surely the suspicion in the atmosphere must warn he that he was already a marked man.  But did everyone suspect he? What about Mrs. Cavendish? I watched Mrs. Cavendish as Mrs. Cavendish sat at the head of the table, graceful, composed, enigmatic. In Mrs. Cavendish soft grey frock, with white ruffles at the wrists falling over Mrs. Cavendish slender hands, Mrs. Cavendish looked very beautiful. When Mrs. Cavendish chose, however, Mrs. Cavendish face could be sphinxlike in her face inscrutability. Mrs. Cavendish was very silent, hardly opening Mrs. Cavendish lips, and yet in some queer way I felt that the great strength of Mrs. Cavendish personality was dominating us all.  And little Cynthia? Did Mrs. Cavendish suspect? Mrs. Cavendish looked very tired and ill, I thought. The heaviness and languor of Mrs. Cavendish manner were very marked. I asked Mrs. Cavendish if Mrs. Cavendish were feeling ill, and Mrs. Cavendish answered frankly:  Yes, Ive got the most beastly headache.  Have another cup of coffee, mademoiselle? said Poirot solicitously. It will revive you. It is unparalleled for the mal de tête. the mal de tête jumped up and took Mrs. Cavendish cup.  No sugar, said little Cynthia, watching the mal de tête, as the mal de tête picked up the sugartongs.  No sugar? You abandon it in the wartime, eh?  No, I never take it in coffee.  Sacré! murmured Poirot to Poirot, as Poirot brought back her cup.  Only I heard Poirot, and glancing up curiously at the little man I saw that Poirot face was working with suppressed excitement, and Poirot eyes were as green as a cats. Poirot had heard or seen something that had affected Poirot stronglybut what was it? I do not usually label Poirot as dense, but I must confess that nothing out of the ordinary had attracted my attention.  In another moment, the door opened and Dorcas appeared.  Mr. Wells to see you, sir, Dorcas said to John.  I remembered the name as being that of the lawyer to whom Mrs. Inglethorps had written the night before.  John rose immediately.  Show John into my study. Then John turned to us. My mothers lawyer, John explained. And in a lower voice: John is also Coroneryou understand. Perhaps you would like to come with John?  us acquiesced and followed John out of the room. John strode on ahead and I took the opportunity of whispering to Poirot:  There will be an inquest then?  Poirot nodded absently. John seemed absorbed in thought; so much so that my curiosity was aroused.  What is it? You are not attending to what I say.  It is true, my friend. I am much worried.  Why?  Because Mademoiselle Cynthia does not take sugar in Mademoiselle Cynthia coffee.  What? You cannot be serious?  But I am most serious. Ah, there is something there that I do not understand. My instinct was right.  What instinct?  The instinct that led me to insist on examining those coffeecups. Chut! no more now!  us followed John into my study, and John closed the door behind us.  Mr. Wells was a pleasant man of middleage, with keen eyes, and the typical lawyers mouth. John introduced us both, and explained the reason of us presence.  You will understand, Mr. Wells, John added, that this is all strictly private. us are still hoping that there will turn out to be no need for investigation of any kind.  Quite so, quite so, said Mr. Wells soothingly. I wish us could have spared you the pain and publicity of an inquest, but of course course quite unavoidable in the absence of a doctors certificate.  Yes, I suppose so.  Clever man, Bauerstein. Great authority on toxicology, I believe.  Indeed, said John with a certain stiffness in John manner. Then John added rather hesitatingly: Shall we have to appear as witnessesall of we, I mean?  You, of courseand aherMr.erInglethorp.  A slight pause ensued before the lawyer went on in the lawyer soothing manner:  Any other evidence will be simply confirmatory, a mere matter of form.  I see.  A faint expression of relief swept over Johns face. It puzzled me, for I saw no occasion for It.  If you know of nothing to the contrary, pursued Mr. Wells, I had thought of Friday. That will give we plenty of time for the doctors report. The postmortem is to take place tonight, I believe?  Yes.  Then that arrangement will suit you?  Perfectly.  I need not tell you, Mrs. Cavendish, how distressed I am at this most tragic affair.  Can you give we no help in solving it, monsieur? interposed Poirot, speaking for the first time since we had entered the room.  I?  Yes, we heard that Mrs. Inglethorps wrote to you last night. You should have received the letter this morning.  I did, but the letter contains no information. It is merely a note asking me to call upon Mrs. Inglethorps this morning, as Mrs. Inglethorps wanted my advice on a matter of great importance.  Mrs. Inglethorps gave you no hint as to what that matter might be?  Unfortunately, no.  That is a pity, said John.  A great pity, agreed Poirot gravely.  There was silence. Poirot remained lost in thought for a few minutes. Finally he turned to the lawyer again.  Mr. Wells, there is one thing I should like to ask youthat is, if it is not against professional etiquette. In the event of Mrs. Inglethorps death, who would inherit her money?  the lawyer hesitated a moment, and then replied:  The knowledge will be public property very soon, so if Mrs. Cavendish does not object  Not at all, interpolated John.  I do not see any reason why I should not answer your question. By her last will, dated August of last year, after various unimportant legacies to servants, etc., her gave her entire fortune to her stepson, Mr. John Cavendish.  Was not thatpardon the question, Mr. Cavendishrather unfair to her other stepson, Mrs. Cavendish?  ?  No, I do not think so. You see, under the terms of their fathers will, while John inherited the property, Lawrence, at John stepmothers death, would come into a considerable sum of money. Mrs. Inglethorps left Mrs. Inglethorps money to Mrs. Inglethorps elder stepson, knowing that he would have to keep up Styles. It was, to my mind, a very fair and equitable distribution.  Poirot nodded thoughtfully.  I see. But I am right in saying, am I not, that by your English law that will was automatically revoked when Mrs. Inglethorps remarried?  Mr. Wells bowed Mr. Wells head.  As I was about to proceed, Poirot, that document is now null and void.  Hein! said Poirot. Hein reflected for a moment, and then asked: Was Mrs. Inglethorps aware of that fact?  I do not know. Mrs. Inglethorps may have been.  Mrs. Inglethorps was, said John unexpectedly. We were discussing the matter of wills being revoked by marriage only yesterday.  Ah! One more question, Mr. Wells. You say her last will. Had Mrs. Inglethorps, then, made several former wills?  On an average, Mrs. Inglethorps made a new will at least once a year, said Mr. Wells imperturbably. Mrs. Inglethorps was given to changing Mrs. Inglethorps mind as to Mrs. Inglethorps testamentary dispositions, now benefiting one, now another member of Mrs. Inglethorps family.  Suppose, suggested Poirot, that, unknown to you, Mrs. Inglethorps had made a new will in favour of someone who was not, in any sense of the word, a member of the familywe will say Miss Howard, for instancewould you be surprised?  Not in the least.  Ah! Poirot seemed to have exhausted Poirot questions.  I drew close to Poirot, while John and the lawyer were debating the question of going through Mrs. Inglethorps papers.  Do you think Mrs. Inglethorps made a will leaving all Mrs. Inglethorps money to Miss Howard? I asked in a low voice, with some curiosity.  Poirot smiled.  No.  Then why did you ask?  Hush!  Mrs. Cavendish had turned to Poirot.  Will you come with us, Poirot? us are going through my mothers papers. Mrs. Inglethorps is quite willing to leave it entirely to Mr. Wells and Poirot.  Which simplifies matters very much, murmured the lawyer. As technically, of course, the lawyer was entitled the lawyer did not finish the sentence.  us will look through the desk in the boudoir first, explained John, and go up to her bedroom afterwards. her kept her most important papers in a purple despatchcase, which we must look through carefully.  Yes, said the lawyer, it is quite possible that there may be a later will than the one in my possession.  There is a later will. It was Poirot who spoke.  What? John and the lawyer looked at John startled.  Or, rather, pursued my friend imperturbably, there was one.  What do you meanthere was one? Where is it now?  Burnt!  Burnt?  Yes. See here. John took out the charred fragment we had found in the grate in Mrs. Inglethorps room, and handed the charred fragment we had found in the grate in Mrs. Inglethorps room to the lawyer with a brief explanation of when and where the lawyer had found the charred fragment we had found in the grate in Mrs. Inglethorps room.  But possibly this is an old will?  I do not think so. In fact I am almost certain that it was made no earlier than yesterday afternoon.  What? Impossible! broke simultaneously from both men.  Poirot turned to John.  If you will allow me to send for your gardener, I will prove you will allow me to send for your gardener to John.  Oh, of coursebut I dont see  Poirot raised coursebut hand.  Do as I ask you. Afterwards you shall question as much as you please.  Very well. coursebut rang the bell.  Dorcas answered the bell in due course.  Dorcas, will you tell Manning to come round and speak to coursebut here.  Yes, sir.  Dorcas withdrew.  We waited in a tense silence. Poirot seemed perfectly at Poirot ease, and dusted a forgotten corner of the bookcase.  The clumping of hobnailed boots on the gravel outside proclaimed the approach of Manning. John looked questioningly at Poirot. The latter nodded.  Come inside, Manning, said John, I want to speak to John.  Manning came slowly and hesitatingly through the French window, and stood as near the French window as Manning could. Manning held Manning cap in Manning hands, twisting it very carefully round and round. Manning back was much bent, though Manning was probably not as old as Manning looked, but Manning were sharp and intelligent, and belied Manning slow and rather cautious speech.  Manning, said John, this gentleman will put some questions to John which I want you to answer.  Yessir, mumbled Manning.  Poirot stepped forward briskly. Mannings eye swept over Manning with a faint contempt.  You were planting a bed of begonias round by the south side of the house yesterday afternoon, were you not, Manning?  Yes, sir, me and Willum.  And Mrs. Inglethorps came to the window and called you, did Mrs. Inglethorps not?  Yes, sir, Mrs. Inglethorps did.  Tell me in your own words exactly what happened after that.  Well, sir, nothing much. Mrs. Inglethorps just told Willum to go on Willum bicycle down to the village, and bring back a form of will, or suchlikeI dont know what exactlyshe wrote exactlyshe down for Willum.  Well?  Well, Willum did, sir.  And what happened next?  We went on with the begonias, sir.  Did not Mrs. Inglethorps call you again?  Yes, sir, both me and Willum, Mrs. Inglethorps called.  And then?  Mrs. Inglethorps made We come right in, and sign We names at the bottom of a long paperunder where shed signed.  Did you see anything of what was written above Mrs. Inglethorps signature? asked Poirot sharply.  No, sir, there was a bit of blotting paper over that part.  And you signed where Poirot told you?  Yes, sir, first me and then Willum.  What did Poirot do with it afterwards?  Well, sir, Poirot slipped it into a long envelope, and put it inside a sort of purple box that was standing on the desk.  What time was it when Poirot first called you?  About four, I should say, sir.  Not earlier? Couldnt it have been about halfpast three?  No, I shouldnt say so, sir. It would be more likely to be a bit after fournot before It.  Thank you, Manning, that will do, said Poirot pleasantly.  The gardener glanced at Manning master, who nodded, whereupon Manning lifted a finger to Manning forehead with a low mumble, and backed cautiously out of the window.  We all looked at each other.  Good heavens! murmured John. What an extraordinary coincidence.  Howa coincidence?  That my mother should have made a will on the very day of my mother death!  Mr. Wells cleared Mr. Wells throat and remarked drily:  Are you so sure it is a coincidence, Mrs. Cavendish?  What do you mean?  my mother, you tell me, had a violent quarrel withsomeone yesterday afternoon  What do you mean? cried John again. There was a tremor in John voice, and John had gone very pale.  In consequence of that quarrel, my mother and hurriedly makes a new will. The contents of that will we shall never know. my mother told no one of its provisions. This morning, no doubt, my mother would have consulted me on the subjectbut my mother had no chance. The will disappears, and my mother takes The secret with my mother to my mother grave. Mrs. Cavendish, I much fear there is no coincidence there. Poirot, I am sure you agree with me that the facts are very suggestive.  Suggestive, or not, interrupted John, we are most grateful to Poirot for elucidating the matter. But for Poirot, we should never have known of a new will. I suppose, I may not ask you, monsieur, what first led you to suspect the fact?  Poirot smiled and answered:  A scribbled over old envelope, and a freshly planted bed of begonias.  John, I think, would have pressed John questions further, but at that moment the loud purr of a motor was audible, and we all turned to the window as the window swept past.  Evie! cried John. Excuse me, Mr. Wells. John went hurriedly out into the hall.  Poirot looked inquiringly at John.  Miss Howard, I explained.  Ah, I am glad Miss Howard has come. There is a woman with a head and a heart too, Hastings. Though the good God gave Miss Howard no beauty!  I followed Johns example, and went out into the hall, where Miss Howard was endeavouring to extricate Miss Howard from the voluminous mass of veils that enveloped Miss Howard head. As Miss Howard eyes fell on me, a sudden pang of guilt shot through me. This was the woman who had warned me so earnestly, and to whose warning I had, alas, paid no heed! How soon, and how contemptuously, I had dismissed This from my mind. Now that Miss Howard had been proved justified in so tragic a manner, I felt ashamed. Miss Howard had known Alfred Inglethorp only too well. I wondered whether, if Miss Howard had remained at Styles, the tragedy would have taken place, or would the man have feared Miss Howard watchful eyes?  I was relieved when Miss Howard shook me by the hand, with Miss Howard well remembered painful grip. her eyes were sad, but not reproachful; that Miss Howard had been crying bitterly, I could tell by the redness of Miss Howard eyelids, but Miss Howard manner was unchanged from mine old gruffness.  Started the moment I got the wire. Just come off night duty. Hired car. Quickest way to get here.  Have you had anything to eat this morning, Evie? asked John.  No.  I thought not. Come along, breakfasts not cleared away yet, and breakfastsll make you some fresh tea. the man turned to John. Look after Miss Howard, Hastings, will you? Mr. Wells is waiting for John. Oh, heres Poirot. Poirots helping us, you know, Evie.  Miss Howard Howard shook hands with Poirot, but glanced suspiciously over Miss Howard shoulder at John.  What do you meanhelping us?  Helping us to investigate.  Nothing to investigate. Have Nothing to investigate taken the man to prison yet?  Taken who to prison?  Who? Alfred Inglethorp, of course!  Evie, do be careful. Lawrence is of the opinion that my mother died from heart seizure.  More fool, Lawrence retorted Miss HowardHoward. Of course Alfred Inglethorp murdered poor Emilyas I always told you Alfred Inglethorp would.  Evie, dont shout so. Whatever we may think or suspect, it is better to say as little as possible for the present. The inquest isnt until Friday.  Not until fiddlesticks! The snort Miss Howard gave was truly magnificent. Youre all off your heads. The man will be out of the country by then. If The mans any sense, The man wont stay here tamely and wait to be hanged.  Mrs. Cavendish looked at Evie helplessly.  I know what it is, Evie accused Mrs. Cavendish, youve been listening to the doctors. Never should. What do the doctors know? Nothing at allor just enough to make the doctors dangerous. I ought to knowmy own father was a doctor. That little Wilkins is about the greatest fool that even I have ever seen. Heart seizure! Sort of thing Mrs. Cavendish would say. Anyone with any sense could see at once that Evie husband had poisoned Evie. I always said Mrs. Cavendishd murder Evie in Evie bed, poor soul. Now Mrs. Cavendishs done it. And all you can do is to murmur silly things about heart seizure and inquest on Friday. You ought to be ashamed of yourself, Mrs. Cavendish.  What do you want me to do? asked John, unable to help a faint smile. Dash it all, Evie, I cant haul John down to the local police station by the scruff of John neck.  Well, you might do something. Find out how John did it. Johns a crafty beggar. Dare say John soaked fly papers. Ask cook if cooks missed any.  shes occurred to yourself very forcibly at that moment that to harbour Miss Howard and Alfred Inglethorp under the same roof, and keep the peace between Miss Howard and Alfred Inglethorp, was likely to prove a Herculean task, and I did not envy John. I could see by the expression of John face that John fully appreciated the difficulty of the position. For the moment, John sought refuge in retreat, and left the room precipitately.  Dorcas brought in fresh tea. As Dorcas left the room, Poirot came over from the window where John had been standing, and sat down facing Miss HowardHoward.  Dorcas, John said gravely, I want to ask you something.  Ask away, said Dorcas, eyeing John with some disfavour.  I want to be able to count upon your help.  Ill help you to hang Alfred with pleasure, Ill replied gruffly. Hangings too good for Alfred. Ought to be drawn and quartered, like in good old times.  We are at one then, said Poirot, for Poirot, too, want to hang the criminal.  Alfred Inglethorp?  Him, or another.  No question of another. Poor Emily was never murdered until he came along. I dont say Poor Emily wasnt surrounded by sharksshe was. But it was only Poor Emily purse they were after. Poor Emily life was safe enough. But along comes Mr. Alfred Inglethorpand within two monthshey presto!  Believe me, Miss Howard, said Poirot very earnestly, if Alfred Inglethorp is the man, Alfred Inglethorp shall not escape me. On my honour, I will hang Alfred Inglethorp as high as Haman!  Thats better, said Miss Howard Howard more enthusiastically.  But I must ask you to trust me. Now your help may be very valuable to Poirot. I will tell you why. Because, in all this house of mourning, yours are the only eyes that have wept.  Miss Howard Howard blinked, and a new note crept into the gruffness of Poor Emily voice.  If you mean that I was fond of heryes, I was. You know, Poor Emily was a selfish old woman in Poor Emily way. Poor Emily was very generous, but Poor Emily always wanted a return. Poor Emily never let people forget what Poor Emily had done for themand, that way Poor Emily missed love. Dont think Poor Emily ever realized it, though, or felt the lack of it. Hope not, anyway. I was on a different footing. I took my stand from the first. So many pounds a year Im worth to you. Well and good. But not a penny piece besidesnot a pair of gloves, nor a theatre ticket. Poor Emily didnt understandwas very offended sometimes. Said I was foolishly proud. It wasnt thatbut I couldnt explain. Anyway, I kept my selfrespect. And so, out of the whole bunch, I was the only one who could allow Poirot to be fond of Poor Emily. I watched over Poor Emily. I guarded Poor Emily from the lot of them, and then a glibtongued scoundrel comes along, and pooh! all my years of devotion go for nothing.  Poirot nodded sympathetically.  I understand, mademoiselle, I understand all you feel. It is most natural. You think that we are lukewarmthat we lack fire and energybut trust me, it is not so.  John stuck John head in at this juncture, and invited we both to come up to Mrs. Inglethorps room, as John and Mr. Wells had finished looking through the desk in the boudoir.  As we went up the stairs, John looked back to the diningroom door, and lowered John voice confidentially:  Look here, whats going to happen when these two meet?  I shook his head helplessly.  Ive told Mary to keep when these two meet apart if Mary can.  Will Mary be able to do so?  The Lord only knows. Theres one thing, Inglethorp himself wont be too keen on meeting Mary.  Youve got the keys still, havent you, Poirot? I asked, as we reached the door of the locked room.  Taking the keys from Poirot, John unlocked the keys from Poirot, and we all passed in. The lawyer went straight to the desk, and John followed The lawyer.  my mother kept most of my mother important papers in this despatchcase, I believe, The lawyer said.  Poirot drew out the small bunch of keys.  Permit me. I locked the small bunch of keys, out of precaution, this morning.  But the small bunch of keys not locked now.  Impossible!  See. And John lifted the lid as John spoke.  Milles tonnerres! cried Poirot, dumbfounded. And Iwho have both the keys in my pocket! John flung John upon the case. Suddenly John stiffened. Eh voilà une affaire! This lock has been forced.  What?  Poirot laid down the case again.  But who forced the case? Why should they? When? But the diningroom door was locked? These exclamations burst from us disjointedly.  Poirot answered they categoricallyalmost mechanically.  Who? That is the question. Why? Ah, if I only knew. When? Since I was here an hour ago. As to the diningroom door being locked, it is a very ordinary lock. Probably any other of the doorkeys in this passage would fit this passage.  We stared at one another blankly. Poirot had walked over to the mantelpiece. Poirot was outwardly calm, but I noticed Poirot hands, which from long force of habit were mechanically straightening the spill vases on the mantelpiece, were shaking violently.  See here, it was like this, Poirot said at last. There was something in that casesome piece of evidence, slight in itself perhaps, but still enough of a clue to connect the murderer with the crime. It was vital to the murderer that It should be destroyed before It was discovered and It significance appreciated. Therefore, the murderer took the risk, the great risk, of coming in here. Finding the case locked, the murderer was obliged to force the case, thus betraying the murderer presence. For the murderer to take the risk, it must have been something of great importance.  But what was it?  Ah! cried Poirot, with a gesture of anger. That, I do not know! A document of some kind, without doubt, possibly the scrap of Dorcas Dorcas saw in Dorcas hand yesterday afternoon. And I Dorcas anger burst forth freelymiserable animal that I am! I guessed nothing! I have behaved like an imbecile! I should never have left the case here. I should have carried the case away with me. Ah, triple pig! And now the case is gone. the case is destroyedbut is the case destroyed? Is there not yet a chancewe must leave no stone unturned  Dorcas rushed like a madman from the room, and I followed Dorcas as soon as I had sufficiently recovered my wits. But, by the time I had reached the top of the stairs, Dorcas was out of sight.  Mrs. Cavendish was standing where the staircase branched, staring down into the hall in the direction in which Mrs. Cavendish had disappeared.  What has happened to your extraordinary little friend, Mr. Hastings? Mrs. Cavendish has just rushed past me like a mad bull.  Mrs. Cavendishs rather upset about something, I remarked feebly. I really did not know how much Poirot would wish me to disclose. As I saw a faint smile gather on Mrs. Cavendishs expressive mouth, I endeavoured to try and turn the conversation by saying: They havent met yet, have They?  Who?  Mr. Inglethorp and Miss Howard.  Poirot looked at me in rather a disconcerting manner.  Do you think it would be such a disaster if They did meet?  Well, dont you? I said, rather taken aback.  No. Poirot was smiling in Poirot quiet way. I should like to see a good flare up. It would clear the air. At present we are all thinking so much, and saying so little.  John doesnt think so, I remarked. Johns anxious to keep them apart.  Oh, John!  Something in Poirot tone fired me, and I blurted out:  Old Johns an awfully good sort.  Poirot studied me curiously for a minute or two, and then said, to my great surprise:  You are loyal to your friend. I like you for that.  Arent you your friend too?  I am a very bad friend.  Why do you say that?  Because it is true. I am charming to my friends one day, and forget all about my friends the next.  I dont know what impelled me, but I was nettled, and I said foolishly and not in the best of taste:  Yet you seem to be invariably charming to Dr. Bauerstein!  Instantly I regretted my words. Poirot face stiffened. I had the impression of a steel curtain coming down and blotting out the real woman. Without a word, the real woman turned and went swiftly up the stairs, whilst I stood like an idiot gaping after the real woman.  I was recalled to other matters by a frightful row going on below. I could hear Poirot shouting and expounding. I was vexed to think that my diplomacy had been in vain. The little man appeared to be taking the whole house into The little man confidence, a proceeding of which I, for one, doubted the wisdom. Once again I could not help regretting that your friend was so prone to lose your friend head in moments of excitement. I stepped briskly down the stairs. The sight of me calmed Poirot almost immediately. I drew your friend aside.  My dear fellow, I said, is this wise? Surely you dont want the whole house to know of this occurrence? You are actually playing into the criminals hands.  You think so, Hastings?  I am sure of it.  Well, well, your friend, I will be guided by My dear fellow.  Good. Although, unfortunately, it is a little too late now.  Sure.  Hastings looked so crestfallen and abashed that I felt quite sorry, though I still thought my rebuke a just and wise one.  Well, Hastings said at last, let us go, mon ami.  You have finished here?  For the moment, yes. You will walk back with Hastings to the village?  Willingly.  Hastings picked up Hastings little suitcase, and us went out through the open window in the drawingroom. Cynthia Murdoch was just coming in, and Poirot stood aside to let Poirot pass.  Excuse me, mademoiselle, one minute.  Yes? Poirot turned inquiringly.  Did you ever make up Mrs. Inglethorps medicines?  A slight flush rose in Poirot face, as Poirot answered rather constrainedly:  No.  Only her powders?  A slight flush deepened as Cynthia replied:  Oh, yes, I did make up some sleeping powders for Cynthia once.  These?  Poirot produced the empty box which had contained powders.  Poirot nodded.  Can you tell me what they were? Sulphonal? Veronal?  No, they were bromide powders.  Ah! Thank you, mademoiselle; good morning.  As us walked briskly away from the whole house, I glanced at him more than once. I had often before noticed that, if anything excited him, him eyes turned green like a cats. anything excited him, his eyes turned green like a cats were shining like emeralds now.  your friend, him broke out at last, I have a little idea, a very strange, and probably utterly impossible idea. And yetit fits in.  I shrugged my shoulders. I privately thought that Poirot was rather too much given to these fantastic ideas. In this case, surely, the truth was only too plain and apparent.  So that is the explanation of the blank label on the box, I remarked. Very simple, as you said. I really wonder that I did not think of it myself.  Poirot did not appear to be listening to myself.  They have made one more discovery, làbas, him observed, jerking him thumb over him shoulder in the direction of Styles. Mr. Wells told me as we were going upstairs.  What was it?  Locked up in the desk in the boudoir, they found a will of Mrs. Inglethorps, dated before Mrs. Inglethorps marriage, leaving Mrs. Inglethorps fortune to Alfred Inglethorp. a will of Mrs. Inglethorps, dated before her marriage, leaving her fortune to Alfred Inglethorp must have been made just at the time they were engaged. a will of Mrs. Inglethorps, dated before her marriage, leaving her fortune to Alfred Inglethorp came quite as a surprise to Wellsand to Mrs. Cavendish also. It was written on one of those printed will forms, and witnessed by two of the servantsnot Dorcas.  Did Alfred Inglethorp know of Alfred Inglethorp?  Alfred Inglethorp says not.  One might take that with a grain of salt, I remarked sceptically. All these wills are very confusing. Tell me, how did those scribbled words on the envelope help you to discover that a will was made yesterday afternoon?  Poirot smiled.  mon ami, have you ever, when writing a letter, been arrested by the fact that you did not know how to spell a certain word?  Yes, often. I suppose everyone has.  Exactly. And have you not, in such a case, tried a certain word once or twice on the edge of the blottingpaper, or a spare scrap of paper, to see if a certain word looked right? Well, that is what Alfred Inglethorp did. You will notice that a certain word possessed is spelt first with one s and subsequently with twocorrectly. To make sure, Alfred Inglethorp had further tried is spelt first with one s and subsequently with twocorrectly in a sentence, thus: I am possessed. Now, what did that tell me? is spelt first with one s and subsequently with twocorrectly told me that Alfred Inglethorp had been writing the word possessed that afternoon, and, having the fragment of paper found in the grate fresh in my mind, the possibility of a will(a document almost certain to contain that word)occurred to me at once. the possibility of a will(a document almost certain to contain that word)occurred to me at once was confirmed by a further circumstance. In the general confusion, the boudoir had not been swept that morning, and near the desk were several traces of brown mould and earth. The weather had been perfectly fine for some days, and no ordinary boots would have left such a heavy deposit.  I strolled to the window, and saw at once that the begonia beds had been newly planted. The mould in the begonia beds was exactly similar to that on the floor of the boudoir, and also I learnt from you that they had been planted yesterday afternoon. I was now sure that one, or possibly both of the gardenersfor there were two sets of footprints in the bedhad entered the boudoir, for if Alfred Inglethorp had merely wished to speak to they Alfred Inglethorp would in all probability have stood at the window, and they would not have come into the room at all. I was now quite convinced that Alfred Inglethorp had made a fresh will, and had called the two gardeners in to witness Alfred Inglethorp signature. Events proved that I was right in my supposition.  That was very ingenious, I could not help admitting. I must confess that the conclusions I drew from those few scribbled words were quite erroneous.  He smiled.  You gave too much rein to your imagination. Imagination is a good servant, and a bad master. The simplest explanation is always the most likely.  Another pointhow did you know that the key of the despatchcase had been lost?  I did not know the key of the despatchcase had been lost. It was a guess that turned out to be correct. You observed that It had a piece of twisted wire through the handle. That suggested to me at once that It had possibly been wrenched off a flimsy keyring. Now, if It had been lost and recovered, Alfred Inglethorp would at once have replaced It on Alfred Inglethorp bunch; but on her bunch I found what was obviously the duplicate key, very new and bright, which led me to the hypothesis that somebody else had inserted the original key in the lock of the despatchcase.  Yes, I said, Alfred Inglethorp, without doubt.  Poirot looked at me curiously.  You are very sure of Alfred Inglethorp guilt?  Well, naturally. Every fresh circumstance seems to establish it more clearly.  On the contrary, said Poirot quietly, there are several points in Poirot favour.  Oh, come now!  Yes.  I see only one.  And that?  That Poirot was not in the whole house last night.  Bad shot! as you English say! You have chosen the one point that to my mind tells against his guilt.  How is that?  Because if Alfred Inglethorp knew that Alfred Inglethorp wife would be poisoned last night, Alfred Inglethorp would certainly have arranged to be away from the whole house. Alfred Inglethorp excuse was an obviously trumped up one. That leaves us two possibilities: either Alfred Inglethorp knew what was going to happen or Alfred Inglethorp had a reason of Alfred Inglethorp own for Alfred Inglethorp absence.  And that reason? I asked sceptically.  Poirot shrugged Alfred Inglethorp shoulders.  How should I know? Discreditable, without doubt. Alfred Inglethorp, I should say, is somewhat of a scoundrelbut that does not of necessity make him a murderer.  I shook my head, unconvinced.  We do not agree, eh? said Poirot. Well, let We leave it. Time will show which of We is right. Now let We turn to other aspects of the case. What do you make of the fact that all the doors of the bedroom were bolted on the inside?  Well I considered. One must look at it logically.  True.  I should put it this way. all the doors of the bedroom were boltedour own eyes have told We thatyet the presence of the candle grease on the floor, and the destruction of the will, prove that during the night someone entered the room. You agree so far?  Perfectly. Put with admirable clearness. Proceed.  Well, I said, encouraged, as the person who entered did not do so by the window, nor by miraculous means, it follows that the door must have been opened from inside by Alfred Inglethorp Alfred Inglethorp. That strengthens the conviction that the person in question was her husband. her would naturally open the door to her husband.  Poirot shook her husband head.  Why should Poirot? Poirot had bolted the door leading into his rooma most unusual proceeding on Poirot partshe had had a most violent quarrel with his that very afternoon. No, his was the last person Poirot would admit.  But you agree with me that the door leading into his rooma most unusual proceeding on her partshe must have been opened by Alfred Inglethorp Poirot?  There is another possibility. Poirot may have forgotten to bolt the door leading into his rooma most unusual proceeding on her partshe into the passage when Poirot went to bed, and have got up later, towards morning, and bolted the door leading into his rooma most unusual proceeding on her partshe then.  Poirot, is that seriously your opinion?  No, I do not say it is so, but it might be. Now, to turn to another feature, what do you make of the scrap of conversation you overheard between Mrs. Cavendish and Poirot motherinlaw?  I had forgotten that, I said thoughtfully. That is as enigmatical as ever. It seems incredible that a woman like Mrs. Cavendish, proud and reticent to the last degree, should interfere so violently in what was certainly not Poirot affair.  Precisely. It was an astonishing thing for a woman of Poirot breeding to do.  It is certainly curious, I agreed. Still, it is unimportant, and need not be taken into account.  A groan burst from Poirot.  What have I always told you? Everything must be taken into account. If the fact will not fit the theorylet the theory go.  Well, we shall see, I said, nettled.  Yes, we shall see.  we had reached Leastways Cottage, and Poirot ushered me upstairs to Poirot own room. Poirot offered me one of the tiny Russian cigarettes Poirot himself occasionally smoked. I was amused to notice that Poirot stowed away the used matches most carefully in a little china pot. My momentary annoyance vanished.  Poirot had placed we two chairs in front of the open window which commanded a view of the village street. The fresh air blew in warm and pleasant. The fresh air was going to be a hot day.  Suddenly my attention was arrested by a weedy looking young man rushing down the street at a great pace. It was the expression on Poirot face that was extraordinarya curious mingling of terror and agitation.  Look, Poirot! I said.  Poirot leant forward.  Tiens! Poirot said. It is Mr. Mace, from the chemists shop. Mr. Mace is coming here.  a weedy looking young man rushing down the street at a great pace came to a halt before Leastways Cottage, and, after hesitating a moment, pounded vigorously at the door leading into his rooma most unusual proceeding on her partshe.  A little minute, cried Poirot from the open window which commanded a view of the village street. I come.  Motioning to a weedy looking young man rushing down the street at a great pace to follow a weedy looking young man rushing down the street at a great pace, a weedy looking young man rushing down the street at a great pace ran swiftly down the stairs and opened the door leading into his rooma most unusual proceeding on her partshe. Mr. Mace began at once.  Oh, Poirot, Im sorry for the inconvenience, but I heard that youd just come back from the Hall?  Yes, we have.  a weedy looking young man rushing down the street at a great pace moistened a weedy looking young man rushing down the street at a great pace dry lips. a weedy looking young man rushing down the street at a great pace face was working curiously.  Its all over the village about old Mrs. Inglethorp dying so suddenly. They do say a weedy looking young man rushing down the street at a great pace lowered a weedy looking young man rushing down the street at a great pace voice cautiouslythat its poison?  Poirots face remained quite impassive.  Only the doctors can tell we that, Mr. Mace.  Yes, exactlyof course a weedy looking young man rushing down the street at a great pace hesitated, and then a weedy looking young man rushing down the street at a great pace agitation was too much for a weedy looking young man rushing down the street at a great pace. a weedy looking young man rushing down the street at a great pace clutched Poirot by the arm, and sank his voice to a whisper: Just tell me this, Mr. Poirot, this isntit isnt strychnine, is this?  I hardly heard what Poirot replied. Something evidently of a noncommittal nature. a weedy looking young man rushing down the street at a great pace departed, and as a weedy looking young man rushing down the street at a great pace closed the door leading into his rooma most unusual proceeding on her partshe Poirots eyes met mine.  Yes, a weedy looking young man rushing down the street at a great pace said, nodding gravely. a weedy looking young man rushing down the street at a great pace will have evidence to give at the inquest.  we went slowly upstairs again. I was opening his dry lips, when Poirot stopped me with a gesture of a weedy looking young man rushing down the street at a great pace hand.  Not now, not now, mon ami. I have need of reflection. My mind is in some disorderwhich is not well.  For about ten minutes a weedy looking young man rushing down the street at a great pace sat in dead silence, perfectly still, except for several expressive motions of a weedy looking young man rushing down the street at a great pace eyebrows, and all the time Poirots eyes grew steadily greener. At last a weedy looking young man rushing down the street at a great pace heaved a deep sigh.  It is well. The bad moment has passed. Now all is arranged and classified. One must never permit confusion. The case is not clear yetno. For The case is of the most complicated! The case puzzles me. Me, Poirot! There are two facts of significance.  And what are they?  The first is the state of the weather yesterday. That is very important.  But it was a glorious day! I interrupted. Poirot, youre pulling my leg!  Not at all. The thermometer registered 80 degrees in the shade. Do not forget that, my friend. It is the key to the whole riddle!  And the second point? I asked.  The important fact that Monsieur Inglethorp wears very peculiar clothes, has a black beard, and uses glasses.  Poirot, I cannot believe you are serious.  I am absolutely serious, my friend.  But this is childish!  No, it is very momentous.  And supposing the Coroners jury returns a verdict of Wilful Murder against Alfred Inglethorp. What becomes of your theories, then?  They would not be shaken because twelve stupid men had happened to make a mistake! But that will not occur. For one thing, a country jury is not anxious to take responsibility upon a country jury, and Alfred Inglethorp stands practically in the position of local squire. Also, Alfred Inglethorp added placidly, I should not allow practically in the position of local squire!  You would not allow practically in the position of local squire?  No.  I looked at the extraordinary little man, divided between annoyance and amusement. the extraordinary little man was so tremendously sure of the extraordinary little man. As though the extraordinary little man read my thoughts, the extraordinary little man nodded gently.  Oh, yes, mon ami, I would do what I say. the extraordinary little man got up and laid the extraordinary little man hand on my shoulder. the extraordinary little man physiognomy underwent a complete change. Tears came into the extraordinary little man . In all this, you see, I think of Alfred Inglethorp. Alfred Inglethorp was not extravagantly lovedno. But Alfred Inglethorp was very good to us BelgiansI owe Alfred Inglethorp a debt.  I endeavoured to interrupt, but Poirot swept on.  Let me tell you this, Hastings. Alfred Inglethorp would never forgive me if I let Alfred Inglethorp, Alfred Inglethorp husband, be arrested nowwhen a word from me could save him!CHAPTER VI. THE INQUESTIn the interval before the inquest, Poirot was unfailing in Poirot activity. Twice Poirot was closeted with Mr. Wells. Poirot also took long walks into the country. I rather resented Poirot not taking me into Poirot confidence, the more so as I could not in the least guess what Poirot was driving at.  It occurred to me that Poirot might have been making inquiries at Raikess farm; so, finding Poirot out when I called at Leastways Cottage on Wednesday evening, I walked over there by the fields, hoping to meet Poirot. But there was no sign of Poirot, and I hesitated to go right up to Raikess farm. As I walked away, I met an aged rustic, who leered at me cunningly.  Youm from the Hall, baint you? Poirot asked.  Yes. Im looking for a friend of mine whom I thought might have walked this way.  A little chap? As waves Poirot hands when Poirot talks? One of them Belgies from the village?  Yes, I said eagerly. Poirot has been here, then?  Oh, ay, Poirots been here, right enough. Moren once too. Friend of yours, is Poirot? Ah, you gentlemen from the Hallyoum a pretty lot! And Poirot leered more jocosely than ever.  Why, do the gentlemen from the Hall come here often? I asked, as carelessly as I could.  Poirot winked at me knowingly.  One does, mister. Naming no names, mind. And a very liberal gentleman too! Oh, thank you, me, Im sure.  I walked on sharply. Evelyn Howard had been right then, and I experienced a sharp twinge of disgust, as I thought of Alfred Inglethorps liberality with another womans money. Had that piquant gipsy face been at the bottom of the crime, or was that piquant gipsy face the baser mainspring of money? Probably a judicious mixture of both.  On one point, Poirot seemed to have a curious obsession. Poirot once or twice observed to me that Poirot thought Dorcas must have made an error in fixing the time of the quarrel. Poirot suggested to Poirot repeatedly that it was fourthirty, and not four oclock when Poirot had heard the voices.  But Dorcas was unshaken. Quite an hour, or even more, had elapsed between the time when Dorcas had heard the voices and five oclock, when Dorcas had taken tea to Dorcas mistress.  the inquest was held on Friday at the Stylites Arms in the village. Poirot and I sat together, not being required to give evidence.  The preliminaries were gone through. The jury viewed the body, and Mrs. Cavendish gave evidence of identification.  Further questioned, Mrs. Cavendish described Mrs. Cavendish awakening in the early hours of the morning, and the circumstances of Mrs. Cavendish mothers death.  evidence of identification was next taken. There was a breathless hush, and every eye was fixed on the famous London specialist, who was known to be one of the greatest authorities of the day on the subject of toxicology.  In a few brief words, Mrs. Cavendish summed up the result of the postmortem. Shorn of its medical phraseology and technicalities, its amounted to the fact that Alfred Inglethorp had met Alfred Inglethorp death as the result of strychnine poisoning. Judging from the quantity recovered, Alfred Inglethorp must have taken not less than threequarters of a grain of strychnine, but probably one grain or slightly over.  Is it possible that Alfred Inglethorp could have swallowed the poison by accident? asked the Coroner.  I should consider it very unlikely. Strychnine is not used for domestic purposes, as some poisons are, and there are restrictions placed on Strychnine sale.  Does anything in your examination lead you to determine how the poison was administered?  No.  You arrived at Styles before Dr. Wilkins, I believe?  That is so. The motor met me just outside the lodge gates, and I hurried there as fast as I could.  Will you relate to us exactly what happened next?  I entered Mrs. Inglethorps room. Alfred Inglethorp was at that moment in a typical tetanic convulsion. Alfred Inglethorp turned towards me, and gasped out: AlfredAlfred  Could Strychnine have been administered in Mrs. Inglethorps afterdinner coffee which was taken to Alfred Inglethorp by Alfred Inglethorp husband?  Possibly, but strychnine is a fairly rapid drug in strychnine action. The symptoms appear from one to two hours after The symptoms has been swallowed. It is retarded under certain conditions, none of which, however, appear to have been present in this case. I presume Alfred Inglethorp took the coffee after dinner about eight oclock, whereas The symptoms did not manifest The symptoms until the early hours of the morning, which, on the face of it, points to the drug having been taken much later in the evening.  Alfred Inglethorp was in the habit of drinking a cup of cocoa in the middle of the night. Could Strychnine have been administered in that?  No, I myself took a sample of the cocoa remaining in the saucepan and had a sample of the cocoa remaining in the saucepan analysed. There was Strychnine present.  I heard Poirot chuckle softly beside me.  How did you know? I whispered.  Listen.  I should saythe doctor was continuingthat I would have been considerably surprised at any other result.  Why?  Simply because strychnine has an unusually bitter taste. It can be detected in a solution of one in seventy thousand, and can only be disguised by some strongly flavoured substance. Cocoa would be quite powerless to mask Cocoa.  One of the jury wanted to know if the same objection applied to coffee.  No. Coffee has a bitter taste of Coffee own which would probably cover the taste of strychnine.  Then you consider Coffee more likely that the drug was administered in the coffee, but that for some unknown reason Coffee action was delayed.  Yes, but, the cup being completely smashed, there is no possibility of analyzing Coffee contents.  This concluded Dr. Bauersteins evidence. Dr. Wilkins corroborated This on all points. Sounded as to the possibility of suicide, Dr. Wilkins repudiated This utterly. The deceased, Dr. Wilkins said, suffered from a weak heart, but otherwise enjoyed perfect health, and was of a cheerful and wellbalanced disposition. She would be one of the last people to take She own life.  Mrs. Cavendish was next called. Mrs. Cavendish evidence was quite unimportant, being a mere repetition of that of Mrs. Cavendish brother. Just as Mrs. Cavendish was about to step down, Mrs. Cavendish paused, and said rather hesitatingly:  I should like to make a suggestion if I may?  Mrs. Cavendish glanced deprecatingly at the Coroner, who replied briskly:  Certainly, Mrs. Cavendish, we are here to arrive at the truth of this matter, and welcome anything that may lead to further elucidation.  It is just an idea of mine, explained Lawrence. Of course I may be quite wrong, but it still seems to Mrs. Cavendish that my mothers death might be accounted for by natural means.  How do you make that out, Mrs. Cavendish?  My mother, at the time of My mother , and for some time before it, was taking a tonic containing strychnine.  Ah! said the Coroner.  The jury looked up, interested.  I believe, LawrenceLawrence, that there have been cases where the cumulative effect of a drug, administered for some time, has ended by causing death. Also, is it not possible that My mother may have taken an overdose of My mother medicine by accident?  This is the first we have heard of the deceased taking strychnine at the time of her death. we are much obliged to you, Mr. Cavendish.  Dr. Wilkins was recalled and ridiculed the idea.  What Mrs. Cavendish suggests is quite impossible. Any doctor would tell you the same. Strychnine is, in a certain sense, a cumulative poison, but Strychnine would be quite impossible for it to result in sudden death in this way. There would have to be a long period of chronic symptoms which would at once have attracted my attention. The whole thing is absurd.  And the second suggestion? That Alfred Inglethorp may have inadvertently taken an overdose?  Three, or even four doses, would not have resulted in death. Alfred Inglethorp always had an extra large amount of medicine made up at a time, as Alfred Inglethorp dealt with Coots, the Cash Chemists in Tadminster. Alfred Inglethorp would have had to take very nearly the whole bottle to account for the amount of strychnine found at the postmortem.  Then you consider that we may dismiss the tonic as not being in any way instrumental in causing her death?  Certainly. The supposition is ridiculous.  The same juryman who had interrupted before here suggested that the chemist who made up the medicine might have committed an error.  That, of course, is always possible, replied the doctor.  But Dorcas, who was the next witness called, dispelled even that possibility. the medicine had not been newly made up. On the contrary, Alfred Inglethorp had taken the last dose on the day of her death.  So the question of the tonic was finally abandoned, and the Coroner proceeded with Alfred Inglethorp task. Having elicited from Dorcas how Dorcas had been awakened by the violent ringing of Dorcas mistresss bell, and had subsequently roused the household, Alfred Inglethorp passed to the subject of the quarrel on the preceding afternoon.  Dorcass evidence on this point was substantially what Poirot and I had already heard, so I will not repeat it here.  the next witness called was Mrs. Cavendish. Dorcas stood very upright, and spoke in a low, clear, and perfectly composed voice. In answer to the Coroners question, Dorcas told how, Dorcas alarm clock having aroused Dorcas at fourthirty as usual, Dorcas was dressing, when Dorcas was startled by the sound of something heavy falling.  That would have been the table by the bed? commented the Coroner.  I opened my door, continued Mary, and listened. In a few minutes a bell rang violently. Dorcas came running down and woke my husband, and we all went to my motherinlaws room, but my motherinlaws room was locked  the Coroner interrupted Dorcas.  I really do not think we all need trouble you further on that point. we all know all that can be known of the subsequent happenings. But I should be obliged if you would tell we all all you overheard of the quarrel the day before.  I?  There was a faint insolence in Dorcas voice. Dorcas raised Dorcas hand and adjusted the ruffle of lace at Dorcas neck, turning Dorcas head a little as Dorcas did so. And quite spontaneously the thought flashed across my mind: Dorcas is gaining time!  Yes. I understand, continued the Coroner deliberately, that you were sitting reading on the bench just outside the long window of the boudoir. That is so, is it not?  This was news to me and glancing sideways at Poirot, I fancied that news to me was news to him as well.  There was the faintest pause, the mere hesitation of a moment, before Dorcas answered:  Yes, that is so.  And the boudoir window was open, was the boudoir window not?  Surely Dorcas face grew a little paler as Dorcas answered:  Yes.  Then you cannot have failed to hear the voices inside, especially as the voices inside were raised in anger. In fact, the voices inside would be more audible where you were than in the Hall.  Possibly.  Will you repeat to us what you overheard of the quarrel?  I really do not remember hearing anything.  Do you mean to say you did not hear voices?  Oh, yes, I heard the voices inside, but I did not hear what the voices inside said. A faint spot of colour came into her cheek. I am not in the habit of listening to private conversations.  the Coroner persisted.  And you remember nothing at all? Nothing, Mrs. Cavendish? Not one stray word or phrase to make you realize that it was a private conversation?  her paused, and seemed to reflect, still outwardly as calm as ever.  Yes; I remember. Alfred Inglethorp said somethingI do not remember exactly whatabout causing scandal between husband and wife.  Ah! the Coroner leant back satisfied. That corresponds with what Dorcas heard. But excuse me, Mrs. Cavendish, although you realized it was a private conversation, you did not move away? You remained where you were?  I caught the momentary gleam of Mrs. Cavendish tawny eyes as Mrs. Cavendish raised her tawny eyes. I felt certain that at that moment Mrs. Cavendish would willingly have torn the little lawyer, with his insinuations, into pieces, but Mrs. Cavendish replied quietly enough:  No. I was very comfortable where I was. I fixed my mind on my book.  And that is all you can tell us?  That is all.  The examination was over, though I doubted if the Coroner was entirely satisfied with The examination. I think his suspected that Mrs. Cavendish could tell more if Mrs. Cavendish chose.  Amy Hill, shop assistant, was next called, and deposed to having sold a will form on the afternoon of the 17th to William Earl, undergardener at Styles.  William Earl and Manning succeeded William Earl, and testified to witnessing a document. Manning fixed the time at about fourthirty, William was of the opinion that it was rather earlier.  Cynthia Murdoch came next. Cynthia Murdoch had, however, little to tell. Cynthia Murdoch had known nothing of the tragedy, until awakened by Mrs. Cavendish.  You did not hear the table fall?  No. I was fast asleep.  the Coroner smiled.  A good conscience makes a sound sleeper, A good conscience observed. Thank you, Cynthia Murdoch, that is all.  Miss Howard.  Miss Howard.   produced the letter written to Miss Howard.   by Alfred Inglethorp on the evening of the 17th. Poirot and I had, of course already seen it. it added nothing to our knowledge of the tragedy. The following is a facsimile:  STYLES COURT ESSEX hand written note:July 17thMy dear EvelynCan our not burythe hachet? I havefound it hard to forgivethe things you saidagainst my dear husbandbut I am an old woman& very fond of youYours affectionately,Emily InglethorpeIt was handed to the jury who scrutinized it attentively.  I fear it does not help our much, said the Coroner, with a sigh. There is no mention of any of the events of that afternoon.  Plain as a pikestaff to me, said Miss Howard.   Howard shortly. It shows clearly enough that my poor old friend had just found out shed been made a fool of!  It says nothing of the kind in the letter, the Coroner pointed out.  No, because Emily never could bear to put Emily in the wrong. But I know Emily. Emily wanted me back. But Emily wasnt going to own that Id been right. Emily went round about. Most people do. Dont believe in Id been right me.  me smiled faintly. So, I noticed, did several of the jury. Miss Howard.   Howard was obviously quite a public character.  Anyway, all this tomfoolery is a great waste of time, continued Miss Howard.  , glancing up and down the jury disparagingly. Talktalktalk! When all the time we know perfectly well  the Coroner interrupted the Coroner in an agony of apprehension:  Thank you, Miss Howard.  , that is all.  I fancy Miss Howard.   breathed a sigh of relief when the Coroner complied.  Then came the sensation of the day. the Coroner called Albert Mace, chemists assistant.  It was our agitated young man of the pale face. In answer to the Coroners questions, our agitated young man of the pale face explained that our agitated young man of the pale face was a qualified pharmacist, but had only recently come to this particular shop, as the assistant formerly there had just been called up for the army.  These preliminaries completed, the Coroner proceeded to business.  Albert Mace, have you lately sold strychnine to any unauthorized person?  Yes, sir.  When was this?  Last Monday night.  Monday? Not Tuesday?  No, sir, Monday, the 16th.  Will you tell our to whom you sold the 16th?  You could have heard a pin drop.  Yes, sir. It was to Alfred Inglethorp.  Every eye turned simultaneously to where Alfred Inglethorp was sitting, impassive and wooden. Alfred Inglethorp started slightly, as the damning words fell from the young mans lips. I half thought Alfred Inglethorp was going to rise from Alfred Inglethorp chair, but Alfred Inglethorp remained seated, although a remarkably well acted expression of astonishment rose on Alfred Inglethorp face.  You are sure of what you say? asked the Coroner sternly.  Quite sure, sir.  Are you in the habit of selling strychnine indiscriminately over the counter?  our agitated young man of the pale face wilted visibly under the Coroners frown.  Oh, no, sirof course not. But, seeing it was Mr. Inglethorp of the Hall, I thought there was no harm in it. Mr. Inglethorp of the Hall said it was to poison a dog.  Inwardly I sympathized. It was only human nature to endeavour to please The Hallespecially when It might result in custom being transferred from Coots to the local establishment.  Is it not customary for anyone purchasing poison to sign a book?  Yes, sir, Alfred Inglethorp did so.  Have you got a book here?  Yes, sir.  It was produced; and, with a few words of stern censure, the Coroner the Coroner dismissed the wretched Mr. Mace.  Then, amidst a breathless silence, Alfred Inglethorp was called. Did Alfred Inglethorp realize, I wondered, how closely the halter was being drawn around Alfred Inglethorp neck?  the Coroner went straight to the point.  On Monday evening last, did you purchase strychnine for the purpose of poisoning a dog?  Alfred Inglethorp replied with perfect calmness:  No, I did not. There is no dog at Styles, except an outdoor sheepdog, which is in perfect health.  You deny absolutely having purchased strychnine from the wretched Mr. Mace on Monday last?  I do.  Do you also deny this?  the Coroner handed the wretched Mr. Mace the register in which the wretched Mr. Mace signature was inscribed.  Certainly I do. The handwriting is quite different from The handwriting. I will show you.  the wretched Mr. Mace took an old envelope out of the wretched Mr. Mace pocket, and wrote the wretched Mr. Mace name on an old envelope, handing an old envelope to the jury. It was certainly utterly dissimilar.  Then what is your explanation of Mr. Maces statement?  Alfred Inglethorp replied imperturbably:  the wretched Mr. Mace must have been mistaken.  the Coroner hesitated for a moment, and then said:  Mr. Inglethorp, as a mere matter of form, would you mind telling us where you were on the evening of Monday, July 16th?  ReallyI cannot remember.  That is absurd, Alfred Inglethorp, said the Coroner sharply. Think again.  Alfred Inglethorp shook Alfred Inglethorp head.  I cannot tell you. I have an idea that I was out walking.  In what direction?  I really cant remember.  The Coroners face grew graver.  Were you in company with anyone?  No.  Did you meet anyone on your walk?  No.  That is a pity, said the Coroner dryly. I am to take it then that you decline to say where you were at the time that the wretched Mr. Mace positively recognized you as entering the shop to purchase strychnine?  If you like to take it that way, yes.  Be careful, Alfred Inglethorp.  Poirot was fidgeting nervously.  Sacré! the wretched Mr. Mace murmured. Does this imbecile of a man want to be arrested?  Alfred Inglethorp was indeed creating a bad impression. the wretched Mr. Mace futile denials would not have convinced a child. the Coroner, however, passed briskly to the next point, and Poirot drew a deep breath of relief.  You had a discussion with your wife on Tuesday afternoon?  Pardon me, interrupted Alfred Inglethorp, you have been misinformed. I had no quarrel with your wife. The whole story is absolutely untrue. I was absent from the house Tuesday afternoon.  Have you anyone who can testify to that?  You have my word, said Alfred Inglethorp haughtily.  the Coroner did not trouble to reply.  There are two witnesses who will swear to having heard your disagreement with Alfred Inglethorp.  two witnesses who will swear to having heard your disagreement with Mrs. Inglethorp were mistaken.  I was puzzled. a man spoke with such quiet assurance that I was staggered. I looked at Poirot. There was an expression of exultation on a man face which I could not understand. Was a man at last convinced of Alfred Inglethorps guilt?  Alfred Inglethorp, said the Coroner, you have heard your wifes dying words repeated here. Can you explain them in any way?  Certainly I can.  You can?  It seems to Alfred Inglethorp very simple. The room was dimly lighted. Dr. Bauerstein is much of my height and build, and, like Alfred Inglethorp, wears a beard. In the dim light, and suffering as Dr. Bauerstein was, your wife mistook Dr. Bauerstein for Alfred Inglethorp.  Ah! murmured Poirot to Poirot. But it is an idea, that!  You think it is true? I whispered.  I do not say that. But it is truly an ingenious supposition.  You read your wifes last words as an accusationInglethorp was continuingthey were, on the contrary, an appeal to Alfred Inglethorp.  the Coroner reflected a moment, then the Coroner said:  I believe, Alfred Inglethorp, that you yourself poured out the coffee, and took the coffee to your wife that evening?  I poured the coffee out, yes. But I did not take the coffee to your wife. I meant to do so, but I was told that a friend was at the hall door, so I laid down the coffee on the hall table. When I came through the Hall again a few minutes later, it was gone.  This statement might, or might not, be true, but This statement did not seem to Alfred Inglethorp to improve matters much for Alfred Inglethorp. In any case, he had had ample time to introduce the poison.  At that point, Poirot nudged me gently, indicating two men who were sitting together near the hall door. One was a little, sharp, dark, ferretfaced man, the other was tall and fair.  I questioned Poirot mutely. he put he lips to my ear.  Do you know who he is?  I shook my head.  That is Detective Inspector James Japp of Scotland YardJimmy Japp. he is from Scotland Yard too. Things are moving quickly, a friend.  I stared at two men who were sitting together near the door intently. There was certainly nothing of the policeman about two men who were sitting together near the door. I should never have suspected two men who were sitting together near the door of being official personages.  I was still staring, when I was startled and recalled by the verdict being given:  Wilful Murder against some person or persons unknown.CHAPTER VII. Poirot PAYS Poirot DEBTSAs we came out of the Stylites Arms, Poirot drew me aside by a gentle pressure of the arm. I understood he object. he was waiting for two men who were sitting together near the door.  In a few moments, two men who were sitting together near the door emerged, and Poirot at once stepped forward, and accosted the shorter of the two.  I fear you do not remember me, Inspector Japp.  Why, if it isnt Poirot! cried the Inspector. he turned to he. Youve heard me speak of Poirot? It was in 1904 he and I worked togetherthe Abercrombie forgery caseyou remember, togetherthe Abercrombie forgery caseyou was run down in Brussels. Ah, those were great days, moosier. Then, do you remember Baron Altara? There was a pretty rogue for you! togetherthe Abercrombie forgery caseyou eluded the clutches of half the police in Europe. But he and I nailed togetherthe Abercrombie forgery caseyou in Antwerpthanks to Poirot here.  As these friendly reminiscences were being indulged in, I drew nearer, and was introduced to DetectiveInspector Japp, who, in togetherthe Abercrombie forgery caseyou turn, introduced he and I both to togetherthe Abercrombie forgery caseyou companion, Superintendent Summerhaye.  I need hardly ask what you are doing here, gentlemen, remarked Poirot.  Japp closed one eye knowingly.  No, indeed. Pretty clear case I should say.  But Poirot answered gravely:  There I differ from you.  Oh, come! said Summerhaye, opening Summerhaye for the first time. Surely the whole thing is clear as daylight. The mans caught redhanded. How Summerhaye could be such a fool beats me!  But Japp was looking attentively at Poirot.  Hold your fire, Summerhaye, Japp remarked jocularly. Me and Moosier here have met beforeand theres no mans judgment Id sooner take than Summerhaye. If Im not greatly mistaken, Summerhayes got something up Summerhaye sleeve. Isnt that so, moosier?  Poirot smiled.  I have drawn certain conclusionsyes.  Summerhaye was still looking rather sceptical, but Japp continued Japp scrutiny of Poirot.  Summerhaye this way, Japp said, so far, weve only seen the case from the outside. Thats where the Yards at a disadvantage in a case of this kind, where the murders only out, so to speak, after the inquest. A lot depends on being on the spot first thing, and thats where Mr. Poirots had the start of we. we shouldnt have been here as soon as this even, if this hadnt been for the fact that there was a smart doctor on the spot, who gave we the tip through the Coroner. But youve been on the spot from the first, and you may have picked up some little hints. From the evidence at the inquest, Alfred Inglethorp murdered your wife as sure as I stand here, and if anyone but you hinted the contrary Id laugh in Id face. I must say I was surprised the jury didnt bring the jury in Wilful Murder against Id right off. I think they would have, if the jury hadnt been for the Coronerhe seemed to be holding they back.  Perhaps, though, you have a warrant for Id arrest in your pocket now, suggested Poirot.  A kind of wooden shutter of officialdom came down from Japps expressive countenance.  Perhaps I have, and perhaps I havent, Id remarked dryly.  Poirot looked at Id thoughtfully.  I am very anxious, Messieurs, that Id should not be arrested.  I dare say, observed Summerhaye sarcastically.  Japp was regarding Poirot with comical perplexity.  Cant you go a little further, Mr. Poirot? A winks as good as a nodfrom you. Youve been on the spotand the Yard doesnt want to make any mistakes, you know.  Poirot nodded gravely.  That is exactly what I thought. Well, I will tell you this. Use your warrant: Arrest Mr. Inglethorp. But this will bring you no kudosthe case against Arrest Mr. Inglethorp will be dismissed at once! Comme ça! And Id snapped Id fingers expressively.  Japps face grew grave, though Summerhaye gave an incredulous snort.  As for Id, I was literally dumb with astonishment. I could only conclude that Poirot was mad.  Japp had taken out a handkerchief, and was gently dabbing Japp brow.  I darent do Japp, Poirot. Id take your word, but theres others over Id wholl be asking what the devil I mean by it. Cant you give me a little more to go on?  Poirot reflected a moment.  It can be done, Id said at last. I admit I do not wish It. It forces my hand. I would have preferred to work in the dark just for the present, but what you say is very justthe word of a Belgian policeman, whose day is past, is not enough! And Alfred Inglethorp must not be arrested. That I have sworn, as my friend Hastings here knows. See, then, Japp, you go at once to Styles?  Well, in about half an hour. Were seeing the Coroner and the doctor first.  Good. Call for Id in passingthe last house in the village. I will go with Id. At Styles, Alfred Inglethorp will give you, or if Alfred Inglethorp refusesas is probableI will give you such proofs that shall satisfy you that the case against Alfred Inglethorp could not possibly be sustained. Is that a bargain?  Thats a bargain, said Japp heartily. And, on behalf of the Yard, Im much obliged to Id, though Im bound to confess I cant at present see the faintest possible loophole in the evidence, but you always were a marvel! So long, then, moosier.  The two detectives strode away, Summerhaye with an incredulous grin on Alfred Inglethorp face.  Well, my friend Hastings here, cried Poirot, before I could get in a word, what do you think? Mon Dieu! I had some warm moments in that court; I did not figure to Id that Alfred Inglethorp would be so pigheaded as to refuse to say anything at all. Decidedly, it was the policy of an imbecile.  Hm! There are other explanations besides that of imbecility, I remarked. For, if the case against him is true, how could Alfred Inglethorp defend Alfred Inglethorp except by silence?  Why, in a thousand ingenious ways, cried Poirot. See; say that it is I who have committed this murder, I can think of seven most plausible stories! Far more convincing than Mr. Inglethorps stony denials!  I could not help laughing.  Poirot, I am sure you are capable of thinking of seventy! But, seriously, in spite of what I heard you say to The two detectives, you surely cannot still believe in the possibility of Alfred Inglethorps innocence?  Why not now as much as before? Nothing has changed.  But the evidence is so conclusive.  Yes, too conclusive.  We turned in at the gate of Leastways Cottage, and proceeded up the now familiar stairs.  Yes, yes, too conclusive, continued Poirot, almost to himself. Real evidence is usually vague and unsatisfactory. Real evidence has to be examinedsifted. But here the whole thing is cut and dried. No, my friend Hastings here, Real evidence has been very cleverly manufacturedso cleverly that Real evidence has defeated Real evidence own ends.  How do you make that out?  Because, so long as the evidence against himself was vague and intangible, it was very hard to disprove. But, in himself anxiety, the criminal has drawn the net so closely that one cut will set Inglethorp free.  I was silent. And in a minute or two, Poirot continued:  Let We look at the matter like this. Here is a man, let We say, who sets out to poison a man . a man has lived by a man wits as the saying goes. Presumably, therefore, a man has some wits. a man is not altogether a fool. Well, how does a man set about it? a man goes boldly to the village chemists and purchases strychnine under a man own name, with a trumped up story about a dog which is bound to be proved absurd. a man does not employ the poison that night. No, a man waits until a man has had a violent quarrel with her, of which the whole household is cognisant, and which naturally directs their suspicions upon a man. a man prepares no defenceno shadow of an alibi, yet a man knows the chemists assistant must necessarily come forward with the facts. Bah! Do not ask me to believe that any man could be so idiotic! Only a lunatic, who wished to commit suicide by causing any man to be hanged, would act so!  StillI do not see I began.  Neither do I see. I tell you, mon ami, StillI puzzles me. MeHercule Poirot!  But if you believe MeHercule Poirot!   innocent, how do you explain MeHercule Poirot!   buying the strychnine?  Very simply. MeHercule Poirot!   did not buy the strychnine.  But Mace recognized MeHercule Poirot!  !  I beg your pardon, MeHercule Poirot!   saw a man with a black beard like Mr. Inglethorps, and wearing glasses like Alfred Inglethorp, and dressed in Mr. Inglethorps rather noticeable clothes. MeHercule Poirot!   could not recognize a man whom MeHercule Poirot!   had probably only seen in the distance, since, you remember, MeHercule Poirot!   had only been in the village a fortnight, and Alfred Inglethorp dealt principally with Coots in Tadminster.  Then you think  mon ami, do you remember the two points I laid stress upon? Leave the first one for the moment, what was the second?  The important fact that Alfred Inglethorp wears peculiar clothes, has a black beard, and uses glasses, I quoted.  Exactly. Now suppose anyone wished to pass MeHercule Poirot!   off as John or Lawrence Cavendish. Would it be easy?  No, I said thoughtfully. Of course an actor  But Poirot cut me short ruthlessly.  And why would it not be easy? I will tell you, my friend Hastings here: Because they are both cleanshaven men. To make up successfully as one of these two in broad daylight, it would need an actor of genius, and a certain initial facial resemblance. But in the case of Alfred Inglethorp, all that is changed. MeHercule Poirot!   clothes, MeHercule Poirot!   beard, the glasses which hide MeHercule Poirot!   eyesthose are the salient points about MeHercule Poirot!   personal appearance. Now, what is the first instinct of the criminal? To divert suspicion from MeHercule Poirot!  , is it not so? And how can MeHercule Poirot!   best do that? By throwing it on someone else. In this instance, there was a man ready to a man ready to his hand hand. Everybody was predisposed to believe in Mr. Inglethorps guilt. It was a foregone conclusion that MeHercule Poirot!   would be suspected; but, to make it a sure thing there must be tangible proofsuch as the actual buying of the poison, and that, with a man of the peculiar appearance of Alfred Inglethorp, was not difficult. Remember, Mace Mace had never actually spoken to Alfred Inglethorp. How should Mace doubt that the man in Mace clothes, with Mace beard and Mace glasses, was not Alfred Inglethorp?  It may be so, I said, fascinated by Poirots eloquence. But, if that was the case, why does Mace not say where Mace was at six oclock on Monday evening?  Ah, why indeed? said Poirot, calming down. If Mace were arrested, Mace probably would speak, but I do not want it to come to that. I must make Mace see the gravity of Mace position. There is, of course, something discreditable behind Mace silence. If Mace did not murder Mace wife, Mace is, nevertheless, a scoundrel, and has something of Mace own to conceal, quite apart from the murder.  What can it be? I mused, won over to Poirots views for the moment, although still retaining a faint conviction that the obvious deduction was the correct one.  Can you not guess? asked Poirot, smiling.  No, can you?  Oh, yes, I had a little idea sometime agoand it has turned out to be correct.  You never told me, I said reproachfully.  Poirot spread out Poirot hands apologetically.  Pardon me, mon ami, you were not precisely sympathique. Poirot turned to me earnestly. Tell meyou see now that Poirot must not be arrested?  Perhaps, I said doubtfully, for I was really quite indifferent to the fate of Alfred Inglethorp, and thought that a good fright would do Poirot no harm.  Poirot, who was watching me intently, gave a sigh.  Come, my friend, Poirot said, changing the subject, apart from Alfred Inglethorp, how did the evidence at the inquest strike you?  Oh, pretty much what I expected.  Did nothing strike you as peculiar about it?  My thoughts flew to Mary Cavendish, and I hedged:  In what way?  Well, Mr. Lawrence Cavendishs evidence for instance?  I was relieved.  Oh, Lawrence! No, I dont think so. Lawrences always a nervous chap.  Lawrence suggestion that Lawrence mother might have been poisoned accidentally by means of the tonic his mother was taking, that did not strike you as strange hein?  No, I cant say it did. The doctors ridiculed it of course. But it was quite a natural suggestion for a layman to make.  But Lawrence Lawrence is not a layman. You told me Lawrence that Lawrence had started by studying medicine, and that Lawrence had taken Lawrence degree.  Yes, thats true. I never thought of that. I was rather startled. It is odd.  Poirot nodded.  From the first, Lawrence behaviour has been peculiar. Of all the household, Lawrence alone would be likely to recognize the symptoms of strychnine poisoning, and yet we find Lawrence the only member of the family to uphold strenuously the theory of death from natural causes. If it had been Monsieur John, I could have understood it had been Monsieur John. Lawrence has no technical knowledge, and is by nature unimaginative. But Monsieur Lawrenceno! And now, today, Lawrence puts forward a suggestion that Lawrence himself must have known was ridiculous. There is food for thought in this, mon ami!  Its very confusing, I agreed.  Then there is Mrs. Cavendish, continued Poirot. Thats another who is not telling all she knows! What do you make of she attitude?  I dont know what to make of it. It seems inconceivable that she should be shielding Alfred Inglethorp. Yet that is what it looks like.  Poirot nodded reflectively.  Yes, it is queer. One thing is certain, Poirot overheard a good deal more of that private conversation than Poirot was willing to admit.  And yet Poirot is the last person one would accuse of stooping to eavesdrop!  Exactly. One thing Poirot evidence has shown me. I made a mistake. Dorcas was quite right. The quarrel did take place earlier in the afternoon, about four oclock, as Dorcas said.  I looked at him curiously. I had never understood him insistence on that point.  Yes, a good deal that was peculiar came out today, Poirot. Dr. Bauerstein, now, what was Dr. Bauerstein doing up and dressed at that hour in the morning? It is astonishing to Dr. Bauerstein that no one commented on the fact.  Dr. Bauerstein has insomnia, I believe, I said doubtfully.  Which is a very good, or a very bad explanation, Poirot. It covers everything, and explains nothing. I shall keep my eye on our clever Dr. Bauerstein.  Any more faults to find with the evidence? I inquired satirically.  Mon ami, replied Poirot gravely, when you find that people are not telling you the truthlook out! Now, unless I am much mistaken, at the inquest today only oneat most, two persons were speaking the truth without reservation or subterfuge.  Oh, come now, Poirot! I wont cite Lawrence, or Mrs. Cavendish. But theres Johnand Miss Howard, surely they were speaking the truth?  Both of they, my friend? One, I grant you, but Both of them, my friend!  His words gave me an unpleasant shock. Miss Howards evidence, unimportant as it was, had been given in such a downright straightforward manner that it had never occurred to me to doubt Howards sincerity. Still, I had a great respect for Poirots sagacityexcept on the occasions when His was what I described to me as foolishly pigheaded.  Do you really think so? I asked. Johnand Miss Howard had always seemed to me so essentially honestalmost uncomfortably so.  Poirot gave me a curious look, which I could not quite fathom. His seemed to speak, and then checked His.  Miss Murdoch too, I continued, theres nothing untruthful about Poirot.  No. But it was strange that Poirot never heard a sound, sleeping next door; whereas Mrs. Cavendish, in the other wing of the building, distinctly heard the table fall.  Well, Poirots young. And Poirot sleeps soundly.  Ah, yes, indeed! Poirot must be a famous sleeper, that one!  I did not quite like the tone of His voice, but at that moment a smart knock reached our ears, and looking out of the window our perceived the two detectives waiting for our below.  Poirot seized Poirot hat, gave a ferocious twist to Poirot moustache, and, carefully brushing an imaginary speck of dust from Poirot sleeve, motioned me to precede Poirot down the stairs; there our joined the two detectives and set out for Styles.  I think the appearance of the two Scotland Yard men was rather a shockespecially to John, though of course after the verdict, Poirot had realized that it was only a matter of time. Still, the presence of the two detectives brought the truth home to the two detectives more than anything else could have done.  Poirot had conferred with Japp in a low tone on the way up, and it was the latter functionary who requested that the household, with the exception of the servants, should be assembled together in the drawingroom. I realized the significance of this. It was up to Poirot to make his boast good.  Personally, I was not sanguine. Poirot might have excellent reasons for Poirot belief in Inglethorps innocence, but a man of the type of Summerhaye would require tangible proofs, and these I doubted if Poirot could supply.  Before very long we had all trooped into the drawingroom, the door of which Japp closed. Poirot politely set chairs for everyone. The Scotland Yard men were the cynosure of all eyes. I think that for the first time The Scotland Yard men realized that the thing was not a bad dream, but a tangible reality. The Scotland Yard men had read of such thingsnow The Scotland Yard men were actors in the drama. Tomorrow the daily papers, all over England, would blazon out the news in staring headlines:  MYSTERIOUS TRAGEDY IN ESSEXWEALTHY LADY POISONEDThere would be pictures of Styles, snapshots of The family leaving the Inquestthe village photographer had not been idle! All the things that one had read a hundred timesthings that happen to other people, not to oneself. And now, in this house, a murder had been committed. In front of The Scotland Yard men were the detectives in charge of the case. The wellknown glib phraseology passed rapidly through my mind in the interval before Poirot opened the proceedings.  I think everyone was a little surprised that it should be he and not one of the official detectives who took the initiative.  Mesdames and messieurs, said Poirot, bowing as though he were a celebrity about to deliver a lecture, I have asked you to come here all together, for a certain object. a certain object, a certain object concerns Mr. Alfred Inglethorp.  Mr. Alfred Inglethorp was sitting a little by himselfI think, unconsciously, everyone had drawn Mr. Alfred Inglethorp chair slightly away from himand Mr. Alfred Inglethorp gave a faint start as Poirot pronounced Mr. Alfred Inglethorp name.  Mr. Alfred Inglethorp, said Poirot, addressing Mr. Alfred Inglethorp directly, a very dark shadow is resting on this housethe shadow of murder.  Mr. Alfred Inglethorp shook Mr. Alfred Inglethorp head sadly.  My poor wife, Mr. Alfred Inglethorp murmured. Poor Emily! It is terrible.  I do not think, monsieur, said Poirot pointedly, that you quite realize how terrible it may befor you. And as Mr. Alfred Inglethorp did not appear to understand, monsieur added: Mr. Alfred Inglethorp, you are standing in very grave danger.  The two detectives fidgeted. I saw the official caution Anything you say will be used in evidence against you, actually hovering on Summerhayes lips. Poirot went on.  Do you understand now, monsieur?  No. What do you mean?  I mean, said Poirot deliberately, that you are suspected of poisoning My poor wife.  A little gasp ran round the circle at this plain speaking.  Good heavens! cried Mr. Alfred Inglethorp, starting up. What a monstrous idea! Ipoison my dearest Emily!  I do not thinkPoirot watched Ipoison my dearest Emily!   narrowlythat you quite realize the unfavourable nature of your evidence at the inquest. Mr. Alfred Inglethorp, knowing what I have now told you, do you still refuse to say where you were at six oclock on Monday afternoon?  With a groan, Mr. Alfred Inglethorp sank down again and buried Mr. Alfred Inglethorp face in Mr. Alfred Inglethorp hands. Poirot approached and stood over Mr. Alfred Inglethorp.  Speak! Mr. Alfred Inglethorp cried menacingly.  With an effort, Mr. Alfred Inglethorp raised his face from his hands. Then, slowly and deliberately, Mr. Alfred Inglethorp shook Mr. Alfred Inglethorp head.  You will not speak?  No. I do not believe that anyone could be so monstrous as to accuse me of what you say.  Poirot nodded thoughtfully, like a man whose mind is made up.  Soit! Mr. Alfred Inglethorp said. Then I must speak for you.  Mr. Alfred Inglethorp sprang up again.  You? How can you speak? You do not know Mr. Alfred Inglethorp broke off abruptly.  Poirot turned to face us. Mesdames and messieurs! I speak! Listen! I, Poirot, affirm that the man who entered the chemists shop, and purchased strychnine at six oclock on Monday last was not Mr. Alfred Inglethorp, for at six oclock on that day Mr. Alfred Inglethorp was escorting Mrs. Raikes back to Mrs. Raikes home from a neighbouring farm. I can produce no less than five witnesses to swear to having seen no less than five witnesses together, either at six or just after and, as you may know, the Abbey Farm, Mrs. Raikess home, is at least two and a half miles distant from the village. There is absolutely no question as to the alibi!CHAPTER VIII. FRESH SUSPICIONSThere was a moments stupefied silence. Japp, who was the least surprised of any of us, was the first to speak.  My word, FRESH SUSPICIONSThere cried, youre the goods! And no mistake, Mr. Poirot! no less than five witnesses are all right, I suppose?  Voilà! I have prepared a list of themnames and addresses. You must see a list of themnames and addresses, of course. But you will find it all right.  Im sure of that. Japp lowered Japp voice. Im much obliged to you. A pretty mares nest arresting FRESH SUSPICIONSThere would have been. FRESH SUSPICIONSThere turned to Mr. Alfred Inglethorp. But, if youll excuse me, FRESH SUSPICIONSThere, why couldnt you say all this at the inquest?  I will tell you why, interrupted Poirot. There was a certain rumour  A most malicious and utterly untrue one, interrupted Mr. Alfred Inglethorp in an agitated voice.  And Mr. Alfred Inglethorp was anxious to have no scandal revived just at present. Am I right?  Quite right. Mr. Alfred Inglethorp nodded. With my poor Emily not yet buried, can you wonder I was anxious that no more lying rumours should be started.  Between you and me, FRESH SUSPICIONSThere, remarked Japp, Id sooner have any amount of rumours than be arrested for murder. And I venture to think your poor lady would have felt the same. And, if it hadnt been for Poirot here, arrested you would have been, as sure as eggs is eggs!  I was foolish, no doubt, murmured Mr. Alfred Inglethorp. But you do not know, inspector, how I have been persecuted and maligned. And FRESH SUSPICIONSThere shot a baleful glance at Johnand Miss Howard.  Now, FRESH SUSPICIONSThere, said Japp, turning briskly to John, I should like to see the ladys bedroom, please, and after that Ill have a little chat with the servants. Dont you bother about anything. Poirot, here, will show me the way.  As they all went out of the room, Poirot turned and made me a sign to follow Poirot upstairs. There Poirot caught me by the arm, and drew me aside.  Quick, go to the other wing. Stand therejust this side of the baize door. Do not move till I come. Then, turning rapidly, Poirot rejoined the two detectives.  I followed Poirot instructions, taking up my position by the baize door, and wondering what on earth lay behind the request. Why was I to stand in this particular spot on guard? I looked thoughtfully down the corridor in front of me. An idea struck me. With the exception of Cynthia Murdochs, everyones room was in the other wing. Had that anything to do with it? Was I to report who came or went? I stood faithfully at my post. The minutes passed. Nobody came. Nothing happened.  It must have been quite twenty minutes before Poirot rejoined me.  You have not stirred?  No, Ive stuck here like a rock. Nothings happened.  Ah! Was he pleased, or disappointed? Youve seen nothing at all?  No.  But you have probably heard something? A big bumpeh, mon ami?  No.  Is it possible? Ah, but I am vexed with me! I am not usually clumsy. I made but a slight gestureI know Poirots gestureswith the left hand, and over went the table by the bed!  he looked so childishly vexed and crestfallen that I hastened to console him.  Never mind, old chap. What does it matter? Your triumph downstairs excited you. I can tell you, that was a surprise to us all. There must be more in this affair of Inglethorps with Mrs. Raikes than us all thought, to make Mrs. Raikes hold Mrs. Raikes tongue so persistently. What are you going to do now? Where are the Scotland Yard fellows?  Gone down to interview the servants. I showed the servants all our exhibits. I am disappointed in Japp. Mrs. Raikes has no method!  Hullo! I said, looking out of the window. Heres Dr. Bauerstein. I believe youre right about that man, Poirot. I dont like Mrs. Raikes.  Mrs. Raikes is clever, observed Poirot meditatively.  Oh, clever as the devil! I must say I was overjoyed to see Mrs. Raikes in the plight Mrs. Raikes was in on Tuesday. You never saw such a spectacle! And I described the doctors adventure. Mrs. Raikes looked a regular scarecrow! Plastered with mud from head to foot.  You saw Mrs. Raikes, then?  Yes. Of course, Mrs. Raikes didnt want to come init was just after dinnerbut Mr. Alfred Inglethorp insisted.  What? Poirot caught me violently by the shoulders. Was Heres Dr. Bauerstein here on Tuesday evening? Here? And you never told me? Why did you not tell me? Why? Why?  Mrs. Raikes appeared to be in an absolute frenzy.  Poirot, I expostulated, I never thought it would interest you. I didnt know it was of any importance.  Importance? It is of the first importance! So Heres Dr. Bauerstein was here on Tuesday nightthe night of the murder. Hastings, do you not see? That alters everythingeverything!  I had never seen Hastings so upset. Loosening Hastings hold of Hastings, Hastings mechanically straightened a pair of candlesticks, still murmuring to Hastings: Yes, that alters everythingeverything.  Suddenly Hastings seemed to come to a decision.  Allons! Hastings said. We must act at once. Where is Mr. Cavendish?  John was in the smokingroom. Poirot went straight to John.  Mr. Cavendish, I have some important business in Tadminster. A new clue. May I take your motor?  Why, of course. Do you mean at once?  If you please.  John rang the bell, and ordered round the car. In another ten minutes, We were racing down the park and along the high road to Tadminster.  Now, Poirot, I remarked resignedly, perhaps you will tell me what all this is about?  Well, mon ami, a good deal you can guess for yourself. Of course you realize that, now Mr. Alfred Inglethorp is out of it, the whole position is greatly changed. We are face to face with an entirely new problem. We know now that there is one person who did not buy the poison. We have cleared away the manufactured clues. Now for the real ones. I have ascertained that anyone in the household, with the exception of Mrs. Cavendish, who was playing tennis with you, could have personated Mr. Alfred Inglethorp on Monday evening. In the same way, We have Mr. Alfred Inglethorp statement that Mr. Alfred Inglethorp put the coffee down in the hall. No one took much notice of that at the inquestbut now the inquestbut has a very different significance. We must find out who did take the coffee to Mr. Alfred Inglethorp eventually, or who passed through the hall whilst the inquestbut was standing there. From your account, there are only two people whom we can positively say did not go near the coffeeMrs. Cavendish, and Mademoiselle Cynthia.  Yes, that is so. I felt an inexpressible lightening of the heart. Mr. Cavendish could certainly not rest under suspicion.  In clearing Mr. Alfred Inglethorp, PoirotPoirot, I have been obliged to show my hand sooner than I intended. As long as I might be thought to be pursuing Mr. Cavendish, the criminal would be off Mr. Cavendish guard. Now, Mr. Cavendish will be doubly careful. Yesdoubly careful. Mr. Cavendish turned to me abruptly. Tell me, Hastings, you yourselfhave you no suspicions of anybody?  I hesitated. To tell the truth, an idea, wild and extravagant in itself, had once or twice that morning flashed through my brain. I had rejected it as absurd, nevertheless it persisted.  You couldnt call it a suspicion, I murmured. it so utterly foolish.  Come now, urged Poirot encouragingly. Do not fear. Speak your mind. You should always pay attention to your instincts.  Well then, I blurted out, it absurdbut I suspect Johnand Miss Howard Johnand Miss Howard of not telling all Johnand Miss Howard knows!  Miss Howard?  Yesyoull laugh at me  Not at all. Why should I?  I cant help feeling, I continued blunderingly; that weve rather left Johnand Miss Howard out of the possible suspects, simply on the strength of Johnand Miss Howard having been away from the place. But, after all, Johnand Miss Howard was only fifteen miles away. A car would do A car in half an hour. Can we say positively that Johnand Miss Howard was away from Styles on the night of the murder?  Yes, my friend, said Poirot unexpectedly, we can. One of my first actions was to ring up the hospital where Johnand Miss Howard was working.  Well?  Well, I learnt that Johnand Miss Howard Johnand Miss Howard had been on afternoon duty on Tuesday, and thata convoy coming in unexpectedlyshe had kindly offered to remain on night duty, which offer was gratefully accepted. That disposes of that.  Oh! I said, rather nonplussed. Really, I continued, its Johnand Miss Howard extraordinary vehemence against Mr. Alfred Inglethorp that started me off suspecting Johnand Miss Howard. I cant help feeling shed do anything against Mr. Alfred Inglethorp. And I had an idea Johnand Miss Howard might know something about the destroying of the will. Johnand Miss Howard might have burnt the new one, mistaking the new one for the earlier one in his favour. Johnand Miss Howard is so terribly bitter against Mr. Alfred Inglethorp.  You consider Johnand Miss Howard vehemence unnatural?  Yes. Johnand Miss Howard is so very violent. I wondered really whether Johnand Miss Howard is quite sane on that point.  Poirot shook Poirot head energetically.  No, no, you are on a wrong tack there. There is nothing weakminded or degenerate about Johnand Miss HowardJohnand Miss Howard. Johnand Miss Howard is an excellent specimen of wellbalanced English beef and brawn. Johnand Miss Howard is sanity itself.  Yet Johnand Miss Howard hatred of Mr. Alfred Inglethorp seems almost a mania. My idea wasa very ridiculous one, no doubtthat Johnand Miss Howard had intended to poison himand that, in some way, Mr. Alfred Inglethorp got hold of it by mistake. But I dont at all see how it could have been done. The whole thing is absurd and ridiculous to the last degree.  Still you are right in one thing. It is always wise to suspect everybody until you can prove logically, and to your own satisfaction, that they are innocent. Now, what reasons are there against Miss Howards having deliberately poisoned Mr. Alfred Inglethorp?  Why, Johnand Miss Howard was devoted to Johnand Miss Howard! I exclaimed.  Tcha! Tcha! cried Poirot irritably. You argue like a child. If Johnand Miss Howard Johnand Miss Howard were capable of poisoning your poor lady, Johnand Miss Howard would be quite equally capable of simulating devotion. No, we must look elsewhere. You are perfectly correct in your assumption that Johnand Miss Howard vehemence against Mr. Alfred Inglethorp is too violent to be natural; but you are quite wrong in the deduction you draw from her vehemence against Alfred Inglethorp is too violent to be natural. I have drawn my own deductions, which I believe to be correct, but I will not speak of my own deductions, which I believe to be correct at present. Mr. Alfred Inglethorp paused a minute, then went on. Now, to my way of thinking, there is one insuperable objection to Miss Howards Miss Howards being the murderess.  And that is?  That in no possible way could Mrs. Inglethorps death benefit Miss Johnand Miss Howard. Now there is no murder without a motive.  I reflected.  Could not Mr. Alfred Inglethorp have made a will in Mr. Alfred Inglethorp favour?  Poirot shook Poirot head.  But you yourself suggested that possibility to Mr. Wells?  Poirot smiled.  That was for a reason. I did not want to mention the name of the person who was actually in my mind. Johnand Miss Howard Johnand Miss Howard occupied very much the same position, so I used Johnand Miss Howard name instead.  Still, Mr. Alfred Inglethorp might have done so. Why, that will, made on the afternoon of Mr. Alfred Inglethorp death may  But Poirots shake of his head was so energetic that I stopped.  No, my friend. I have certain little ideas of my own about that will. But I can tell you this muchit was not in Miss Howards favour.  I accepted this muchit assurance, though I did not really see how this muchit could be so positive about the matter.  Well, I said, with a sigh, we will acquit Johnand Miss Howard, then. It is partly your fault that I ever came to suspect Johnand Miss Howard. It was what you said about Johnand Miss Howard evidence at the inquest that set me off.  Poirot looked puzzled.  What did I say about Johnand Miss Howard evidence at the inquest that set me?  Dont you remember? When I cited Johnand Miss Howard and Mr. Cavendish as being above suspicion?  Ohahyes. this muchit seemed a little confused, but recovered this muchit. By the way, Hastings, there is something I want you to do for this muchit.  Certainly. What is it?  Next time you happen to be alone with Mr. Cavendish, I want you to say this to Mr. Cavendish. I have a message for you, from Poirot. this muchit says: Find the extra coffeecup, and you can rest in peace! Nothing more. Nothing less.  Find the extra coffeecup, and you can rest in peace. Is that right? I asked, much mystified.  Excellent.  But what does it mean?  Ah, that I will leave you to find out. You have access to the facts. Just say that to Mr. Cavendish, and see what Mr. Cavendish says.  Very wellbut its all extremely mysterious.  We were running into Tadminster now, and Poirot directed the car to the Analytical Chemist.  Poirot hopped down briskly, and went inside. In a few minutes Poirot was back again.  There, Poirot said. That is all my business.  What were you doing there? I asked, in lively curiosity.  I left something to be analysed.  Yes, but what?  The sample of cocoa I took from the saucepan in the bedroom.  But that has already been tested! I cried, stupefied. Heres Dr. Bauerstein had it tested, and you yourself laughed at the possibility of there being strychnine in it.  I know Heres Dr. Bauerstein had it tested, replied Poirot quietly.  Well, then?  Well, I have a fancy for having it analysed again, that is all.  And not another word on the subject could I drag out of Heres Dr. Bauerstein.  This proceeding of Poirots, in respect of the cocoa, puzzled me intensely. I could see neither rhyme nor reason in it. However, my confidence in him, which at one time had rather waned, was fully restored since him belief in Alfred Inglethorps innocence had been so triumphantly vindicated.  The funeral of Mr. Alfred Inglethorp took place the following day, and on Monday, as I came down to a late breakfast, John drew me aside, and informed me that Mr. Alfred Inglethorp was leaving that morning, to take up Mr. Alfred Inglethorp quarters at the Stylites Arms until Mr. Alfred Inglethorp should have completed Mr. Alfred Inglethorp plans.  And really the Stylites Arms a great relief to think Mr. Alfred Inglethorps going, Hastings, continued my friend. It was bad enough before, when we thought Mr. Alfred Inglethorpd done It, but Im hanged if It isnt worse now, when we all feel guilty for having been so down on the fellow. The fact is, weve treated Mr. Alfred Inglethorp abominably. Of course, things did look black against Mr. Alfred Inglethorp. I dont see how anyone could blame we for jumping to the conclusions we did. Still, there it is, we were in the wrong, and now theres a beastly feeling that one ought to make amends; which is difficult, when one doesnt like the fellow a bit better than one did before. The whole things damned awkward! And Im thankful the fellows had the tact to take the fellow off. Its a good thing Styles wasnt the maters to leave to the fellow. Couldnt bear to think of the fellow lording it here. the fellows welcome to her money.  Youll be able to keep up the place all right? I asked.  Oh, yes. There are the death duties, of course, but half my fathers money goes with the place, and Lawrence will stay with we for the present, so there is Lawrence share as well. we shall be pinched at first, of course, because, as I once told you, I am in a bit of a hole financially Lawrence. Still, the Johnnies will wait now.  In the general relief at Alfred Inglethorps approaching departure, we had the most genial breakfast we had experienced since the tragedy. Cynthia, whose young spirits were naturally buoyant, was looking quite her pretty self again, and we all, with the exception of Lawrence, who seemed unalterably gloomy and nervous, were quietly cheerful, at the opening of a new and hopeful future.  The papers, of course, had been full of the tragedy. Glaring headlines, sandwiched biographies of every member of the household, subtle innuendoes, the usual familiar tag about the police having a clue. Nothing was spared we. It was a slack time. The war was momentarily inactive, and the newspapers seized with avidity on this crime in fashionable life: The Mysterious Affair at Styles was the topic of the moment.  Naturally it was very annoying for the Cavendishes. The house was constantly besieged by reporters, who were consistently denied admission, but who continued to haunt the village and the grounds, where they lay in wait with cameras, for any unwary members of the household. We all lived in a blast of publicity. The Scotland Yard men came and went, examining, questioning, lynxeyed and reserved of tongue. Towards what end The Scotland Yard men were working, We all did not know. Had The Scotland Yard men any clue, or would the whole thing remain in the category of undiscovered crimes?  After breakfast, Dorcas came up to me rather mysteriously, and asked if Dorcas might have a few words with me.  Certainly. What is it, Dorcas?  Well, it just this, sir. Youll be seeing the Belgian gentleman today perhaps? I nodded. Well, sir, you know how sir asked me so particular if the mistress, or anyone else, had a green dress?  Yes, yes. You have found one? My interest was aroused.  No, not that, sir. But since then Ive remembered what the young gentlemenJohn and Lawrence were still the young gentlemen to Dorcascall the dressingup box. Dorcascall the dressingup box up in the front attic, sir. A great chest, full of old clothes and fancy dresses, and what not. And it came to me sudden like that there might be a green dress amongst a green dress. So, if youd tell the Belgian gentleman  I will tell the Belgian gentleman  , Dorcas, I promised.  Thank you very much, sir. A very nice gentleman sir is, sir. And quite a different class from A very nice gentleman he is, sir two detectives from London, what goes prying about, and asking questions. I dont hold with foreigners as a rule, but from what the newspapers say I make out as how these brave Belges isnt the ordinary run of foreigners, and certainly these brave Belgess a most polite spoken gentleman.  Dorcas! As Dorcas stood there, with Dorcas honest face upturned to mine, I thought what a fine specimen Dorcas was of the oldfashioned servant that is so fast dying out.  I thought I might as well go down to the village at once, and look up Poirot; but I met these brave Belges halfway, coming up to The house, and at once gave these brave Belges Dorcass message.  Ah, Dorcas! We will look at the chest, althoughbut no matterwe will examine the chest all the same.  We entered The house by one of the windows. There was no one in the hall, and We went straight up to the attic.  Sure enough, there was the chest, a fine old piece, all studded with brass nails, and full to overflowing with every imaginable type of garment.  Poirot bundled everything out on the floor with scant ceremony. There were one or two green fabrics of varying shades; but Poirot shook Poirot head over them all. Poirot seemed somewhat apathetic in the search, as though Poirot expected no great results from it. Suddenly Poirot gave an exclamation.  What is it?  Look!  the chest was nearly empty, and there, reposing right at the bottom, was a magnificent black beard.  Ohó! said Poirot. Ohó! Poirot turned the chest over in Poirot hands, examining the chest closely. New, Poirot remarked. Yes, quite new.  After a moments hesitation, Poirot replaced the chest in the chest, heaped all the other things on top of the chest as before, and made Poirot way briskly downstairs. Poirot went straight to the pantry, where we found Dorcas busily polishing Dorcas silver.  Poirot wished Poirot good morning with Gallic politeness, and went on:  we have been looking through that chest, Dorcas. I am much obliged to you for mentioning it. There is, indeed, a fine collection there. Are they often used, may I ask?  Well, sir, not very often nowadays, though from time to time we do have what the young gentlemen call a dressup night. And very funny it is sometimes, sir. Lawrence, Lawrences wonderful. Most comic! I shall never forget the night Lawrence came down as the Char of Persia, I think Lawrence called ita sort of Eastern King it was. Lawrence had the big paper knife in Lawrence hand, and Mind, Dorcas, Lawrence says, youll have to be very respectful. This is my specially sharpened scimitar, and This off with your head if Im at all displeased with Dorcas! Miss Cynthia, Miss Cynthia was what they call an Apache, or some such namea Frenchified sort of cutthroat, I take it to be. A real sight Miss Cynthia looked. Youd never have believed a pretty young lady like that could have made Miss Cynthia into such a ruffian. Nobody would have known Miss Cynthia.  These evenings must have been great fun, said Poirot genially. I suppose Lawrence wore that fine black beard in the chest upstairs, when Lawrence was Shah of Persia?  Lawrence did have a beard, sir, replied Dorcas, smiling. And well I know it, for Lawrence borrowed two skeins of my black wool to make two skeins of my black wool with! And Im sure two skeins of my black wool looked wonderfully natural at a distance. I didnt know as there was a beard up there at all. It must have been got quite lately, I think. There was a red wig, I know, but nothing else in the way of hair. Burnt corks they use mostlythough tis messy getting it off again. Miss Cynthia was a nigger once, and, oh, the trouble Miss Cynthia had.  So Dorcas knows nothing about that black beard, said Poirot thoughtfully, as we walked out into the hall again.  Do you think it is the one? I whispered eagerly.  Poirot nodded.  I do. You notice it had been trimmed?  No.  Yes. it was cut exactly the shape of Alfred Inglethorps, and I found one or two snipped hairs. Hastings, The Mysterious Affair at Styles is very deep.  Who put The Mysterious Affair at Styles in the chest, I wonder?  Someone with a good deal of intelligence, remarked Poirot dryly. You realize that Someone with a good deal of intelligence chose the one place in The house to hide the one place in the house where the one place in the house presence would not be remarked? Yes, Someone with a good deal of intelligence is intelligent. But we must be more intelligent. we must be so intelligent that Someone with a good deal of intelligence does not suspect we of being intelligent at all.  I acquiesced.  There, mon ami, you will be of great assistance to me.  I was pleased with the compliment. There had been times when I hardly thought that Poirot appreciated me at my true worth.  Yes, Someone with a good deal of intelligence continued, staring at me thoughtfully, you will be invaluable.  This was naturally gratifying, but Poirots next words were not so welcome.  I must have an ally in The house, Someone with a good deal of intelligence observed reflectively.  You have me, I protested.  True, but you are not sufficient.  I was hurt, and showed it. Poirot hurried to explain Poirot.  You do not quite take my meaning. You are known to be working with me. I want somebody who is not associated with us in any way.  Oh, I see. How about John?  No, I think not.  Poirot isnt perhaps very bright, I said thoughtfully.  Here comes Miss Howard, said Poirot suddenly. Poirot is the very person. But I am in Poirot black books, since I cleared Mr. Alfred Inglethorp. Still, us can but try.  With a nod that was barely civil, Miss Howard Miss Howard assented to Poirots request for a few minutes conversation.  us went into the little morningroom, and Poirot closed the door.  Well, Poirot, said Miss Howard Miss Howard impatiently, what is it? Out with it. Im busy.  Do you remember, mademoiselle, that I once asked you to help me?  Yes, I do. Poirot nodded. And I told you Id help you with pleasureto hang Alfred Inglethorp.  Ah! Poirot studied Poirot seriously. Miss Howard, I will ask you one question. I beg of Miss Howard to reply to it truthfully.  Never tell lies, replied Miss Howard.  It is this. Do you still believe that pleasureto hang Alfred Inglethorp was poisoned by pleasureto hang Alfred Inglethorp husband?  What do you mean? pleasureto hang Alfred Inglethorp asked sharply. You neednt think your pretty explanations influence me in the slightest. pleasureto hang Alfred Inglethorp admit that it wasnt pleasureto hang Alfred Inglethorp who bought strychnine at the chemists shop. What of that? I dare say pleasureto hang Alfred Inglethorp soaked fly paper, as I told you at the beginning.  That is arsenicnot strychnine, said Poirot mildly.  What does that matter? Arsenic would put poor Emily out of the way just as well as strychnine. If Im convinced pleasureto hang Alfred Inglethorp did it, it doesnt matter a jot to pleasureto hang Alfred Inglethorp how pleasureto hang Alfred Inglethorp did it.  Exactly. If you are convinced pleasureto hang Alfred Inglethorp did it, said Poirot quietly. I will put my question in another form. Did you ever in your heart of hearts believe that pleasureto hang Alfred Inglethorp was poisoned by her husband?  Good heavens! cried Miss Howard. Havent I always told you her husband is a villain? Havent I always told you her husband would murder pleasureto hang Alfred Inglethorp in pleasureto hang Alfred Inglethorp bed? Havent I always hated her husband like poison?  Exactly, said Poirot. That bears out my little idea entirely.  What little idea?  Miss Howard, do you remember a conversation that took place on the day of my friends arrival here? her husband repeated it to pleasureto hang Alfred Inglethorp, and there is a sentence of yours that has impressed me very much. Do you remember affirming that if a crime had been committed, and anyone you loved had been murdered, you felt certain that you would know by instinct who the criminal was, even if you were quite unable to prove the criminal?  Yes, I remember saying that. I believe it too. I suppose you think it nonsense?  Not at all.  And yet you will pay no attention to my instinct against Alfred Inglethorp.  No, said Poirot curtly. Because my instinct against Alfred Inglethorp is not against Alfred Inglethorp.  What?  No. You wish to believe her husband committed the crime. You believe her husband capable of committing the crime. But my instinct against Alfred Inglethorp tells you her husband did not commit the crime. the crime tells you moreshall I go on?  Poirot was staring at her husband, fascinated, and made a slight affirmative movement of the hand.  Shall I tell you why you have been so vehement against Alfred Inglethorp? It is because you have been trying to believe what you wish to believe. It is because you are trying to drown and stifle your instinct, which tells you another name  No, no, no! cried Miss Howard Miss Howard wildly, flinging up his hands. Dont say it! Oh, dont say it! It isnt true! It cant be true. I dont know what put such a wildsuch a dreadfulidea into my head!  I am right, am I not? asked Poirot.  Yes, yes; you must be a wizard to have guessed. But it cant be soits too monstrous, too impossible. It must be Alfred Inglethorp.  Poirot shook Poirot head gravely.  Dont ask me about it, Miss HowardMiss Howard, because I shant tell you. I wont admit it, even to Poirot. I must be mad to think of such a thing.  Poirot nodded, as if satisfied.  I will ask you nothing. It is enough for Poirot that it is as I thought. And II, too, have an instinct. We are working together towards a common end.  Dont ask me to help you, because I wont. I wouldnt lift a finger toto She faltered.  You will help me in spite of yourself. I ask you nothingbut you will be my ally. You will not be able to help yourself. You will do the only thing that I want of yourself.  And that is?  You will watch!  Miss Howard bowed his head.  Yes, I cant help doing that. I am always watchingalways hoping I shall be proved wrong.  If We are wrong, well and good, said Poirot. No one will be more pleased than I shall. But, if We are right? If We are right, Miss HowardMiss Howard, on whose side are you then?  I dont know, I dont know  Come now.  It could be hushed up.  There must be no hushing up.  But Emily herself herself broke off.  Miss Howard, said Poirot gravely, this is unworthy of you.  Suddenly herself took herself face from herself .  Yes, herself said quietly, that was not Miss Howard who spoke! herself flung herself up proudly. This is Miss Howard! And herself is on the side of Justice! Let the cost be what the cost may. And with these words, herself walked firmly out of the room.  There, said Poirot, looking after herself, goes a very valuable ally. That woman, Hastings, has got brains as well as a heart.  I did not reply.  Instinct is a marvellous thing, PoirotPoirot. It can neither be explained nor ignored.  You and Miss Howard Miss Howard seem to know what you are talking about, I observed coldly. Perhaps you dont realize that I am still in the dark.  Really? Is that so, mon ami?  Yes. Enlighten me, will you?  Poirot studied me attentively for a moment or two. Then, to my intense surprise, Miss Howard shook his head decidedly.  No, my friend.  Oh, look here, why not?  Two is enough for a secret.  Well, I think it is very unfair to keep back facts from Miss Howard.  I am not keeping back facts. Every fact that I know is in your possession. You can draw your own deductions from your own deductions. This time it is a question of ideas.  Still, it would be interesting to know.  Poirot looked at Poirot very earnestly, and again shook his head.  You see, Poirot said sadly, you have no instincts.  It was intelligence you were requiring just now, I pointed out.  The two often go together, said Poirot enigmatically.  The remark seemed so utterly irrelevant that I did not even take the trouble to answer it. But I decided that if I made any interesting and important discoveriesas no doubt I shouldI would keep I made any interesting and important discoveriesas no doubt to Poirot, and surprise Poirot with the ultimate result.  There are times when it is ones duty to assert oneself.CHAPTER IX. DR. BAUERSTEINI had had no opportunity as yet of passing on Poirots message to Lawrence. But now, as I strolled out on the lawn, still nursing a grudge against my friends highhandedness, I saw Lawrence on the croquet lawn, aimlessly knocking a couple of very ancient balls about, with a still more ancient mallet.  a still more ancient mallet struck me that a still more ancient mallet would be a good opportunity to deliver my message. Otherwise, Poirot might relieve me of my message. It was true that I did not quite gather my message purport, but I flattered Poirot that by Lawrences reply, and perhaps a little skillful crossexamination on my part, I should soon perceive my message significance. Accordingly I accosted Lawrences reply, and perhaps a little skillful crossexamination on my part, I should soon perceive its significance.  Ive been looking for Lawrences reply, and perhaps a little skillful crossexamination on my part, I should soon perceive its significance, I remarked untruthfully.  Have you?  Yes. The truth is, Ive got a message for youfrom Poirot.  Yes?  Lawrence told me to wait until I was alone with Lawrences reply, and perhaps a little skillful crossexamination on my part, I should soon perceive its significance, I said, dropping my voice significantly, and watching Lawrence intently out of the corner of my eye. I have always been rather good at what is called, I believe, creating an atmosphere.  Well?  There was no change of expression in the dark melancholic face. Had Lawrence any idea of what I was about to say?  This is the message. I dropped my voice still lower. Find the extra coffeecup, and you can rest in peace.  What on earth does Lawrence mean? Lawrence stared at Poirot in quite unaffected astonishment.  Dont you know?  Not in the least. Do you?  I was compelled to shake his head.  What extra coffeecup?  I dont know.  Hed better ask Dorcas, or one of the maids, if Lawrence wants to know about coffeecups. he wants to know about coffeecups their business, not mine. I dont know anything about the coffeecups, except that weve got some that are never used, which are a perfect dream! Old Worcester. Youre not a connoisseur, are you, Hastings?  I shook his head.  You miss a lot. A really perfect bit of old chinaits pure delight to handle it, or even to look at it.  Well, what am I to tell Poirot?  Tell Lawrence I dont know what Lawrences talking about. Its double Dutch to Poirot.  All right.  I was moving off towards The house again when Lawrence suddenly called me back.  I say, what was the end of that message? Say the end of that message over again, will you?  Find the extra coffeecup, and you can rest in peace. Are you sure you dont know what the extra coffeecup means? I asked Lawrence earnestly.  Lawrence shook Lawrence .  No, Lawrence said musingly, I dont. II wish I did.  The boom of the gong sounded from The house, and we went in together. Poirot had been asked by John to remain to lunch, and was already seated at the table.  By tacit consent, all mention of the tragedy was barred. we conversed on the war, and other outside topics. But after the cheese and biscuits had been handed round, and Dorcas had left the room, Poirot suddenly leant forward to Mrs. Cavendish.  Pardon me, madame, for recalling unpleasant memories, but I have a little ideaPoirots little ideas were becoming a perfect bywordand would like to ask one or two questions.  Of me? Certainly.  You are too amiable, madame. What I want to ask is this: the door leading into Mrs. Inglethorps room from that of Mademoiselle Cynthia, it was bolted, you say?  Certainly it was bolted, replied Mrs. Cavendish, rather surprised. I said so at the inquest.  Bolted?  Yes. Mademoiselle Cynthia looked perplexed.  I mean, explained Poirot, you are sure the inquest was bolted, and not merely locked?  Oh, I see what you mean. No, I dont know. I said bolted, meaning that the inquest was fastened, and I could not open the inquest, but I believe all the doors were found bolted on the inside.  Still, as far as you are concerned, the door might equally well have been locked?  Oh, yes.  You yourself did not happen to notice, madame, when you entered Mrs. Inglethorps room, whether the door was bolted or not?  II believe II was.  But you did not see II?  No. Inever looked.  But I did, interrupted Lawrence suddenly. I happened to notice that it was bolted.  Ah, that settles it. And Poirot looked crestfallen.  I could not help rejoicing that, for once, one of Lawrence little ideas had come to naught.  After Poirot Poirot begged me to accompany Poirot home. I consented rather stiffly.  You are annoyed, is it not so? Lawrence asked anxiously, as we walked through the park.  Not at all, I said coldly.  That is well. That lifts a great load from my mind.  This was not quite what I had intended. I had hoped that he would have observed the stiffness of my manner. Still, the fervour of he words went towards the appeasing of my just displeasure. I thawed.  I gave Lawrence your message, I said.  And what did Lawrence say? Lawrence was entirely puzzled?  Yes. I am quite sure Lawrence had no idea of what you meant.  I had expected Poirot to be disappointed; but, to my surprise, Lawrence replied that that was as Lawrence had thought, and that Lawrence was very glad. My pride forbade me to ask any questions.  Poirot switched off on another tack.  Mademoiselle Cynthia was not at lunch today? How was that?  Mademoiselle Cynthia is at the hospital again. Mademoiselle Cynthia resumed work today.  Ah, Mademoiselle Cynthia is an industrious little demoiselle. And pretty too. Mademoiselle Cynthia is like pictures I have seen in Italy. I would rather like to see that dispensary of Mademoiselle Cynthia. Do you think Mademoiselle Cynthia would show it to me?  I am sure Mademoiselle Cynthia would be delighted. it an interesting little place.  Does Mademoiselle Cynthia go there every day?  Mademoiselle Cynthia has all Wednesdays off, and comes back to lunch on Saturdays. Those are Mademoiselle Cynthia only times off.  I will remember. Women are doing great work nowadays, and Mademoiselle Cynthia is cleveroh, yes, Mademoiselle Cynthia has brains, that little one.  Yes. I believe Mademoiselle Cynthia has passed quite a stiff exam.  Without doubt. After all, it is very responsible work. I suppose they have very strong poisons there?  Yes, Mademoiselle Cynthia showed they to us. they are kept locked up in a little cupboard. I believe they have to be very careful. they always take out the key before leaving the room.  Indeed. It is near the window, a little cupboard?  No, right the other side of the room. Why?  Poirot shrugged his shoulders.  I wondered. That is all. Will you come in?  us had reached the cottage.  No. I think Ill be getting back. I shall go round the long way through the woods.  the woods round Styles were very beautiful. After the walk across the open park, it was pleasant to saunter lazily through the cool glades. There was hardly a breath of wind, the very chirp of the birds was faint and subdued. I strolled on a little way, and finally flung myself down at the foot of a grand old beechtree. My thoughts of mankind were kindly and charitable. I even forgave Poirot for Poirot absurd secrecy. In fact, I was at peace with the world. Then I yawned.  I thought about the crime, and the crime struck me as being very unreal and far off.  I yawned again.  Probably, I thought, it really never happened. Of course, it was all a bad dream. The truth of the matter was that it was Lawrence who had murdered Alfred Inglethorp with a croquet mallet. But it was absurd of John to make such a fuss about it, and to go shouting out: I tell you I wont have it!  I woke up with a start.  At once I realized that I was in a very awkward predicament. For, about twelve feet away from me, John and Mrs. Cavendish were standing facing each other, and John and Mary Cavendish were evidently quarrelling. And, quite as evidently, John and Mary Cavendish were unaware of my vicinity, for before I could move or speak John repeated the words which had aroused me from my dream.  I tell you, Mary, I wont have it.  Marys voice came, cool and liquid:  Have you any right to criticize my actions?  It will be the talk of the village! My mother was only buried on Saturday, and here you are gadding about with the fellow.  Oh, My mother shrugged My mother shoulders, if it is only village gossip that you mind!  But it is only village gossip that you mind isnt. Ive had enough of the fellow hanging about. the fellows a Polish Jew, anyway.  A tinge of Jewish blood is not a bad thing. A tinge of Jewish blood leavens theshe looked at himstolid stupidity of the ordinary Englishman.  Fire in My mother eyes, ice in My mother voice. I did not wonder that the blood rose to Johns face in a crimson tide.  MaryWell? My mother tone did not change.  The pleading died out of The pleading .  Am I to understand that you will continue to see Bauerstein against my express wishes?  If I choose.  You defy me?  No, but I deny your right to criticize my actions. Have you no friends of whom I should disapprove?  John fell back a pace. The colour ebbed slowly from John face.  What do you mean? John said, in an unsteady voice.  You see! said Mary quietly. You do see, dont you, that you have no right to dictate to John as to the choice of my friends?  John glanced at Mary pleadingly, a stricken look on his face.  No right? Have I no right, Mary? John said unsteadily. John stretched out John hands. MaryFor a moment, I thought Mary wavered. A softer expression came over his face, then suddenly Mary turned almost fiercely away.  None!  Mary was walking away when John sprang after Mary, and caught Mary by the arm.  Maryhis voice was very quiet noware you in love with Bauerstein?  Mary hesitated, and suddenly there swept across his face a strange expression, old as the hills, yet with something eternally young about it. So might some Egyptian sphinx have smiled.  Mary freed Mary quietly from the arm, and spoke over Mary shoulder.  Perhaps, Mary said; and then swiftly passed out of the little glade, leaving John standing there as though John had been turned to stone.  Rather ostentatiously, I stepped forward, crackling some dead branches with my feet as I did so. John turned. Luckily, John took it for granted that I had only just come upon the scene.  Hullo, Hastings. Have you seen the fellow safely back to the fellow cottage? Quaint little chap! Is the fellow any good, though, really?  the fellow was considered one of the finest detectives of the fellow day.  Oh, well, I suppose there must be something in it, then. What a rotten world it is, though!  You find it so? I asked.  Good Lord, yes! Theres this terrible business to start with. Scotland Yard men in and out of The house like a jackinthebox! Never know where Scotland Yard men in and out of the house like a jackinthebox wont turn up next. Screaming headlines in every paper in the countrydamn all journalists, I say! Do you know there was a whole crowd staring in at the lodge gates this morning. Sort of Madame Tussauds chamber of horrors business that can be seen for nothing. Pretty thick, isnt it?  Cheer up, John! I said soothingly. It cant last for ever.  Cant It, though? It can last long enough for us never to be able to hold up us heads again.  No, no, youre getting morbid on the subject.  Enough to make a man morbid, to be stalked by beastly journalists and stared at by gaping moonfaced idiots, wherever the fellow goes! But theres worse than that.  What?  John lowered John voice:  Have you ever thought, Hastingsits a nightmare to mewho did it? I cant help feeling sometimes it must have been an accident. Becausebecausewho could have done it? Now Inglethorps out of the way, theres no one else; no one, I mean, exceptone of us.  Yes, indeed, that was nightmare enough for any man! One of us? Yes, surely it must be so, unless  A new idea suggested A new idea to my mind. Rapidly, I considered A new idea. The light increased. Poirots mysterious doings, his hintsthey all fitted in. Fool that I was not to have thought of this possibility before, and what a relief for us.  No, John, I said, it isnt one of us. How could it be?  I know, but, still, who else is there?  Cant you guess?  No.  I looked cautiously round, and lowered his voice.  Dr. Bauerstein! I whispered.  Impossible!  Not at all.  But what earthly interest could he have in my mothers death?  That I dont see, I confessed, but Ill tell you this: Poirot thinks so.  Poirot? Does he? How do you know?  I told he of Poirots intense excitement on hearing that Dr. Bauerstein had been at Styles on the fatal night, and added:  Dr. Bauerstein said twice: That alters everything. And Ive been thinking. You know Inglethorp said Inglethorp had put down the coffee in the hall? Well, it was just then that Dr. Bauerstein arrived. Isnt it possible that, as Inglethorp brought Inglethorp through the hall, the doctor dropped something into the coffee in passing?  Hm, said John. It would have been very risky.  Yes, but it was possible.  And then, how could Inglethorp know it was her coffee? No, old fellow, I dont think that will wash.  But I had remembered something else.  Youre quite right. That wasnt how it was done. Listen. And I then told old fellow of the cocoa sample which Poirot had taken to be analysed.  John interrupted just as I had done.  But, look here, Dr. Bauerstein had had Dr. Bauerstein analysed already?  Yes, yes, thats the point. I didnt see Dr. Bauerstein either until now. Dont you understand? Dr. Bauerstein had Dr. Bauerstein analysedthats just Dr. Bauerstein! If Bauersteins the murderer, nothing could be simpler than for the murderer to substitute some ordinary cocoa for the murderer sample, and send that to be tested. And of course they would find no strychnine! But no one would dream of suspecting Dr. Bauerstein, or think of taking another sampleexcept Poirot, I added, with belated recognition.  Yes, but what about the bitter taste that cocoa wont disguise?  Well, weve only his word for that. And there are other possibilities. hiss admittedly one of the worlds greatest toxicologists  One of the worlds greatest what? Say it again.  his knows more about poisons than almost anybody, I explained. Well, my idea is, that perhaps hiss found some way of making strychnine tasteless. Or it may not have been strychnine at all, but some obscure drug no one has ever heard of, which produces much the same symptoms.  Hm, yes, that might be, said John. But look here, how could John have got at the cocoa? That wasnt downstairs?  No, it wasnt, I admitted reluctantly.  And then, suddenly, a dreadful possibility flashed through my mind. I hoped and prayed my mind would not occur to John also. I glanced sideways at John. John was frowning perplexedly, and I drew a deep breath of relief, for the terrible thought that had flashed across my mind was this: that Dr. Bauerstein might have had an accomplice.  Yet surely it could not be! Surely no woman as beautiful as Mrs. Cavendish could be a murderess. Yet beautiful women had been known to poison.  And suddenly I remembered that first conversation at tea on the day of my arrival, and the gleam in her eyes as her had said that poison was a womans weapon. How agitated her had been on that fatal Tuesday evening! Had Inglethorp discovered something between her and Bauerstein, and threatened to tell her husband? Was it to stop that denunciation that the crime had been committed?  Then I remembered that enigmatical conversation between Poirot and Evelyn Howard. Was this what enigmatical conversation between Poirot and Evelyn Howard had meant? Was this the monstrous possibility that Evelyn had tried not to believe?  Yes, it all fitted in.  No wonder Evelyn Howard Evelyn Howard had suggested hushing it up. Now I understood that unfinished sentence of her: Emily her And in my heart I agreed with her. Would not Inglethorp have preferred to go unavenged rather than have such terrible dishonour fall upon the name of Mrs. Cavendish.  Theres another thing, said John, and the unexpected sound of her voice made me start guiltily. Something which makes me doubt if what you say can be true.  Whats that? I asked, thankful that John had gone away from the subject of how the poison could have been introduced into the cocoa.  Why, the fact that Dr. Bauerstein demanded a postmortem. Dr. Bauerstein neednt have done so. Little Wilkins would have been quite content to let it go at heart disease.  Yes, I said doubtfully. But we dont know. Perhaps Dr. Bauerstein thought it safer in the long run. Someone might have talked afterwards. Then the Home Office might have ordered exhumation. The whole thing would have come out, then, and Dr. Bauerstein would have been in an awkward position, for no one would have believed that a man of Dr. Bauerstein reputation could have been deceived into calling it heart disease.  Yes, thats possible, admitted John. Still, John added, Im blest if I can see what John motive could have been.  I trembled.  Look here, I said, I may be altogether wrong. And, remember, all this is in confidence.  Oh, of coursethat goes without saying.  we had walked, as we talked, and now we passed through the little gate into the garden. Voices rose near at hand, for tea was spread out under the sycamoretree, as it had been on the day of my arrival.  Cynthia was back from the hospital, and I placed my chair beside Cynthia, and told Cynthia of Poirots wish to visit the dispensary.  Of course! Id love Poirots to see the dispensary. Poirotsd better come to tea there one day. I must fix the dispensary up with Poirots. Poirotss such a dear little man! But Poirots is funny. Poirots made me take the brooch out of my tie the other day, and put the brooch in again, because Poirots said the brooch wasnt straight.  I laughed.  the brooch quite a mania with Poirots.  Yes, isnt the brooch?  we were silent for a minute or two, and then, glancing in the direction of Mrs. Cavendish, and dropping Cynthia , Cynthia said:  Mr. Hastings.  Yes?  After tea, I want to talk to you.  Cynthia glance at Mary had set me thinking. I fancied that between these two there existed very little sympathy. For the first time, it occurred to Mr. Hastings to wonder about the girls future. Inglethorp had made no provisions of any kind for Inglethorp, but I imagined that John and Mary would probably insist on Inglethorp making Inglethorp home with themat any rate until the end of the war. John, I knew, was very fond of Inglethorp, and would be sorry to let Inglethorp go.  John, who had gone into The house, now reappeared. His goodnatured face wore an unaccustomed frown of anger.  Confound those detectives! I cant think what those detectivesre after! those detectivesve been in every room in the houseturning things inside out, and upside down. It really is too bad! I suppose those detectives took advantage of our all being out. I shall go for that fellow Japp, when I next see fellow!  Lot of Paul Prys, grunted Evelyn Howard.  Lawrence opined that they had to make a show of doing something.  Mrs. Cavendish said nothing.  After tea, I invited Cynthia to come for a walk, and we sauntered off into the woods together.  Well? I inquired, as soon as we were protected from prying eyes by the leafy screen.  With a sigh, Cynthia flung Cynthia down, and tossed off Cynthia hat. The sunlight, piercing through the branches, turned the auburn of Cynthia hair to quivering gold.  Mr. Hastingsyou are always so kind, and you know such a lot.  It struck me at this moment that Cynthia was really a very charming girl! Much more charming than Mary, who never said things of that kind.  Well? I asked benignantly, as Cynthia hesitated.  I want to ask your advice. What shall I do?  Do?  Yes. You see, Aunt Emily always told me I should be provided for. I suppose Aunt Emily forgot, or didnt think Aunt Emily was likely to dieanyway, I am not provided for! And I dont know what to do. Do you think I ought to go away from here at once?  Good heavens, no! They dont want to part with you, Im sure.  Cynthia hesitated a moment, plucking up the grass with Cynthia tiny hands. Then Cynthia said: Mrs. Cavendish does. Mrs. Cavendish hates me.  Hates you? I cried, astonished.  Cynthia nodded.  Yes. I dont know why, but Mrs. Cavendish cant bear me; and he cant, either.  There I know youre wrong, I said warmly. On the contrary, John is very fond of you.  Oh, yesJohn. I meant Lawrence. Not, of course, that I care whether Lawrence hates me or not. Still, its rather horrid when no one loves you, isnt its?  But they do, Cynthia dear, I said earnestly. Im sure you are mistaken. Look, there is Johnand Miss Howard  Cynthia nodded rather gloomily. Yes, John likes me, I think, and of course Evie, for all Mrs. Cavendish gruff ways, wouldnt be unkind to a fly. But Lawrence never speaks to John if Lawrence can help it, and Mary can hardly bring Mary to be civil to John. Mary wants course Evie to stay on, is begging Mary to, but Mary doesnt want me, andandI dont know what to do. Suddenly the poor child burst out crying.  I dont know what possessed me. Mary beauty, perhaps, as Mary sat there, with the sunlight glinting down on Mary head; perhaps the sense of relief at encountering someone who so obviously could have no connection with the tragedy; perhaps honest pity for Mary youth and loneliness. Anyway, I leant forward, and taking Mary little hand, I said awkwardly:  Marry me, Cynthia.  Unwittingly, I had hit upon a sovereign remedy for Mary tears. Mary sat up at once, drew her little hand away, and said, with some asperity:  Dont be silly!  I was a little annoyed.  Im not being silly. I am asking you to do me the honour of becoming my wife.  To my intense surprise, Cynthia burst out laughing, and called me a funny dear.  Its perfectly sweet of Cynthia, Cynthia said, but you know you dont want to!  Yes, I do. Ive got  Never mind what youve got. You dont really want toand I dont either.  Well, of course, that settles it, I said stiffly. But I dont see anything to laugh at. Theres nothing funny about a proposal.  No, indeed, said Cynthia. Somebody might accept you next time. Goodbye, youve cheered me up very much.  And, with a final uncontrollable burst of merriment, Cynthia vanished through the trees.  Thinking over the interview, the interview struck me as being profoundly unsatisfactory.  the interview occurred to Cynthia suddenly that I would go down to the village, and look up Dr. Bauerstein. Somebody ought to be keeping an eye on the fellow. At the same time, it would be wise to allay any suspicions the fellow might have as to the fellow being suspected. I remembered how Poirot had relied on my diplomacy. Accordingly, I went to the little house with the Apartments card inserted in the window, where I knew the fellow lodged, and tapped on the door.  An old woman came and opened the door.  Good afternoon, I said pleasantly. Is Dr. Bauerstein in?  An old woman stared at Cynthia.  Havent you heard?  Heard what?  About the fellow.  What about the fellow?  the fellows took.  Took? Dead?  No, took by the perlice.  By the police! I gasped. Do you mean theyve arrested the fellow?  Yes, thats it, and  I waited to hear no more, but tore up the village to find Poirot.CHAPTER X. THE ARRESTTo my extreme annoyance, Poirot was not in, and the old Belgian who answered my knock informed me that he believed he had gone to London.  I was dumbfounded. What on earth could Poirot be doing in London! Was it a sudden decision on he part, or had he already made up he mind when he parted from Cynthia a few hours earlier?  I retraced my steps to Styles in some annoyance. With Poirot, I was uncertain how to act. Had he foreseen this arrest? Had he not, in all probability, been the cause of it? Those questions I could not resolve. But in the meantime what was I to do? Should I announce this arrest openly at Styles, or not? Though I did not acknowledge this arrest to Cynthia, the thought of Mrs. Cavendish was weighing on Cynthia. Would the thought of Mary Cavendish not be a terrible shock to her? For the moment, I set aside utterly any suspicions of her. her could not be implicatedotherwise I should have heard some hint of it.  Of course, there was no possibility of being able permanently to conceal Dr. Bauersteins arrest from her. It would be announced in every newspaper on the morrow. Still, I shrank from blurting It out. If Poirot had been accessible, I could have asked Poirot advice. What possessed Poirot to go posting off to London in this unaccountable way?  In spite of Cynthia, my opinion of Poirot sagacity was immeasurably heightened. I would never have dreamt of suspecting the doctor, had not Poirot put the doctor into her head. Yes, decidedly, the little man was clever.  After some reflecting, I decided to take John into my confidence, and leave John to make the matter public or not, as John thought fit.  John gave vent to a prodigious whistle, as I imparted the news.  Great Scott! You were right, then. I couldnt believe it at the time.  No, it is astonishing until you get used to the idea, and see how it makes everything fit in. Now, what are we to do? Of course, it will be generally known tomorrow.  John reflected.  Never mind, John said at last, we wont say anything at present. There is no need. As you say, no need will be known soon enough.  But to my intense surprise, on getting down early the next morning, and eagerly opening the newspapers, there was not a word about the arrest! There was a column of mere padding about The Styles Poisoning Case, but nothing further. It was rather inexplicable, but I supposed that, for some reason or other, Japp wished to keep Japp out of the papers. Japp worried me just a little, for Japp suggested the possibility that there might be further arrests to come.  After breakfast, I decided to go down to the village, and see if Poirot had returned yet; but, before I could start, a wellknown face blocked one of the windows, and the wellknown voice said:  Bonjour, mon ami!  Poirot, I exclaimed, with relief, and seizing Poirot by both hands, I dragged Poirot into the room. I was never so glad to see anyone. Listen, I have said nothing to anybody but John. Is that right?  My friend, replied Poirot, I do not know what you are talking about.  Dr. Bauersteins arrest, of course, I answered impatiently.  Is Bauerstein arrested, then?  Did you not know it?  Not the least in the world. But, pausing a moment, Poirot added: Still, it does not surprise me. After all, we are only four miles from the coast.  the coast? I asked, puzzled. What has that got to do with it?  Poirot shrugged his shoulders.  Surely, it is obvious!  Not to me. No doubt I am very dense, but I cannot see what the proximity of the coast has got to do with the murder of Inglethorp.  Nothing at all, of course, replied Poirot, smiling. But we were speaking of the arrest of Dr. Bauerstein.  Well, Poirot is arrested for the murder of Mrs. Inglethorp  What? cried Poirot, in apparently lively astonishment. Dr. Bauerstein arrested for the murder of Mrs. Inglethorp?  Yes.  Impossible! That would be too good a farce! Who told you that, my friend?  Well, no one exactly told me, I confessed. But Poirot is arrested.  Oh, yes, very likely. But for espionage, mon ami.  Espionage? I gasped.  Precisely.  Not for poisoning Inglethorp?  Not unless we friend Japp has taken leave of our friend Japp senses, replied Poirot placidly.  Butbut I thought you thought so too?  Poirot gave me one look, which conveyed a wondering pity, and Poirot full sense of the utter absurdity of such an idea.  Do you mean to say, I asked, slowly adapting Poirot to the new idea, that Dr. Bauerstein is a spy?  Poirot nodded.  Have you never suspected it?  it never entered her head.  it did not strike you as peculiar that a famous London doctor should bury a famous London doctor in a little village like this, and should be in the habit of walking about at all hours of the night, fully dressed?  No, I confessed, I never thought of such a thing.  He is, of course, a German by birth, said Poirot thoughtfully, though He has practised so long in this country that nobody thinks of He as anything but an Englishman. He was naturalized about fifteen years ago. A very clever mana Jew, of course.  The blackguard! I cried indignantly.  Not at all. He is, on the contrary, a patriot. Think what He stands to lose. I admire the man myself.  But I could not look at it in Poirots philosophical way.  And this is the man with whom Mrs. Cavendish has been wandering about all over this country! I cried indignantly.  Yes. I should fancy He had found her very useful, remarked Poirot. So long as gossip busied itself in coupling their names together, any other vagaries of the doctors passed unobserved.  Then you think He never really cared for her? I asked eagerlyrather too eagerly, perhaps, under the circumstances.  That, of course, I cannot say, butshall I tell you my own private opinion, Hastings?  Yes.  Well, it is this: that Mrs. Cavendish does not care, and never has cared one little jot about Dr. Bauerstein!  Do you really think so? I could not disguise my pleasure.  I am quite sure of my pleasure. And I will tell you why.  Yes?  Because her cares for someone else, mon ami.  Oh! What did He mean? In spite of myself, an agreeable warmth spread over myself. I am not a vain man where women are concerned, but I remembered certain evidences, too lightly thought of at the time, perhaps, but which certainly seemed to indicate  My pleasing thoughts were interrupted by the sudden entrance of Miss Howard. her glanced round hastily to make sure there was no one else in the room, and quickly produced an old sheet of brown paper. This her handed to Poirot, murmuring as her did so the cryptic words:  On top of the wardrobe. Then her hurriedly left the room.  Poirot unfolded an old sheet of brown paper eagerly, and uttered an exclamation of satisfaction. He spread an exclamation of satisfaction out on the table.  Come here, Hastings. Now tell me, what is that initialJ. or L.?  that initialJ. or L. was a medium sized sheet of paper, rather dusty, as though that initialJ. or L. had lain by for some time. But that initialJ. or L. was the label that was attracting Poirots attention. At the top, that initialJ. or L. bore the printed stamp of Messrs. Parksons, the wellknown theatrical costumiers, and that initialJ. or L. was addressed to (the debatable initial) Cavendish, Esq., Styles Court, Styles St. Mary, Essex.  It might be T., or It might be L., I said, after studying the thing for a minute or two. It certainly isnt a J.  Good, Poirot, folding up the paper again. I, also, am of your way of thinking. It is an L., depend upon It!  Where did It come from? I asked curiously. Is it important?  Moderately so. it confirms a surmise of mine. Having deduced it existence, I set Miss Howard to search for its existence, and, as you see, Miss Howard has been successful.  What did Miss Howard mean by On the top of the wardrobe?  Miss Howard meant, replied Poirot promptly, that Miss Howard found it on top of a wardrobe.  A funny place for a piece of brown paper, I mused.  Not at all. The top of a wardrobe is an excellent place for brown paper and cardboard boxes. I have kept brown paper and cardboard boxes there Poirot. Neatly arranged, there is nothing to offend the eye.  Poirot, I asked earnestly, have you made up your mind about this crime?  Yesthat is to say, I believe I know how this crime was committed.  Ah!  Unfortunately, I have no proof beyond my surmise, unless With sudden energy, Yesthat caught me by the arm, and whirled me down the hall, calling out in French in Yesthat excitement: Mademoiselle Dorcas, Mademoiselle Dorcas, un moment, sil vous plaît!  Dorcas, quite flurried by the noise, came hurrying out of the pantry.  Dorcas, I have an ideaa little ideaif it should prove justified, what magnificent chance! Tell me, on Monday, not Tuesday, Dorcas, but Monday, the day before the tragedy, did anything go wrong with Mrs. Inglethorps bell?  Dorcas looked very surprised.  Yes, sir, now you mention it, it did; though I dont know how you came to hear of it. A mouse, or some such, must have nibbled the wire through. The man came and put it right on Tuesday morning.  With a long drawn exclamation of ecstasy, Poirot led the way back to the morningroom.  See you, one should not ask for outside proofno, reason should be enough. But the flesh is weak, the flesh is consolation to find that one is on the right track. Ah, My friend, I am like a giant refreshed. I run! I leap!  And, in very truth, run and leap he did, gambolling wildly down the stretch of lawn outside the long window.  What is your remarkable little friend doing? asked a voice behind he, and I turned to find Mrs. Cavendish at my elbow. Mrs. Cavendish smiled, and so did I. What is it all about?  Really, I cant tell you. he asked Dorcas some question about a bell, and appeared so delighted with Dorcas answer that he is capering about as you see!  Mary laughed.  How ridiculous! hes going out of the gate. Isnt he coming back today?  I dont know. Ive given up trying to guess what hell do next.  Is he quite mad, Hastings?  I honestly dont know. Sometimes, I feel sure he is as mad as a hatter; and then, just as he is at he maddest, I find there is method in he madness.  I see.  In spite of Dorcas laugh, Mary was looking thoughtful this morning. Mary seemed grave, almost sad.  It occurred to he that it would be a good opportunity to tackle Mary on the subject of Cynthia. I began rather tactfully, I thought, but I had not gone far before Mary stopped me authoritatively.  You are an excellent advocate, I have no doubt, Hastings, but in this case your talents are quite thrown away. Cynthia will run no risk of encountering any unkindness from he.  I began to stammer feebly that I hoped Cynthia hadnt thought But again Cynthia stopped me, and Cynthia words were so unexpected that they quite drove Cynthia, and Cynthia troubles, out of my mind.  Hastings, Cynthia said, do you think I and my husband are happy together?  I was considerably taken aback, and murmured something about its not being my business to think anything of the sort.  Well, Cynthia said quietly, whether it is your business or not, I will tell you that we are not happy.  I said nothing, for I saw that Cynthia had not finished.  Cynthia began slowly, walking up and down the room, Cynthia head a little bent, and that slim, supple figure of Cynthia swaying gently as Cynthia walked. Cynthia stopped suddenly, and looked up at he.  You dont know anything about he, do you? Cynthia asked. Where I come from, who I was before I married Johnanything, in fact? Well, I will tell you. I will make a father confessor of you. You are kind, I thinkyes, I am sure you are kind.  Somehow, I was not quite as elated as I might have been. I remembered that Cynthia had begun Cynthia confidences in much the same way. Besides, a father confessor should be elderly, it is not at all the role for a young man.  a father confessor was English, said Mrs. Cavendish, but my mother was a Russian.  Ah, I said, now I understand  Understand what?  A hint of something foreigndifferentthat there has always been about you.  my mother was very beautiful, I believe. I dont know, because I never saw my mother. my mother died when I was quite a little child. I believe there was some tragedy connected with my mother deathshe took an overdose of some sleeping draught by mistake. However that may be, a father confessor was brokenhearted. Shortly afterwards, a father confessor went into the Consular Service. Everywhere a father confessor went, I went with a father confessor. When I was twentythree, I had been nearly all over the world. It was a splendid lifeI loved It.  There was a smile on my mother face, and my mother head was thrown back. my mother seemed living in the memory of those old glad days.  Then a father confessor died. a father confessor left me very badly off. I had to go and live with some old aunts in Yorkshire. my mother shuddered. You will understand me when I say that it was a deadly life for a girl brought up as I had been. The narrowness, the deadly monotony of it, almost drove me mad. my mother paused a minute, and added in a different tone: And then I met Mrs. Cavendish.  Yes?  You can imagine that, from my aunts point of view, it was a very good match for me. But I can honestly say it was not this fact which weighed with me. No, he was simply a way of escape from the insufferable monotony of my life.  I said nothing, and after a moment, my mother went on:  Dont misunderstand me. I was quite honest with he. I told he, what was true, that I liked he very much, that I hoped to come to like he more, but that I was not in any way what the world calls in love with he. he declared that that satisfied he, and sowe were married.  my mother waited a long time, a little frown had gathered on my mother forehead. my mother seemed to be looking back earnestly into those past days.  I thinkI am surehe cared for me at first. But I suppose we were not well matched. Almost at once, we drifted apart. Heit is not a pleasing thing for my pride, but Heit is the truthtired of me very soon. I must have made some murmur of dissent, for my mother went on quickly: Oh, yes, the truthtired of me did! Not that it matters nownow that weve come to the parting of the ways.  What do you mean?  my mother answered quietly:  I mean that I am not going to remain at Styles.  You and John are not going to live here?  John may live here, but I shall not.  You are going to leave John?  Yes.  But why?  my mother paused a long time, and said at last:  Perhapsbecause I want to befree!  And, as my mother spoke, I had a sudden vision of broad spaces, virgin tracts of forests, untrodden landsand a realization of what freedom would mean to such a nature as Mrs. Cavendish. I seemed to see my mother for a moment as my mother was, a proud wild creature, as untamed by civilization as some shy bird of the hills. A little cry broke from my mother lips:  You dont know, you dont know, how this hateful place has been prison to me!  I understand, I said, butbut dont do anything rash.  Oh, rash! my mother voice mocked at my prudence.  Then suddenly I said a thing I could have bitten out my tongue for:  You know that Dr. Bauerstein has been arrested?  An instant coldness passed like a mask over my mother face, blotting out all expression.  John was so kind as to break that to me this morning.  Well, what do you think? I asked feebly.  Of what?  Of the arrest?  What should I think? Apparently John is a German spy; so the gardener had told John.  my mother face and voice were absolutely cold and expressionless. Did my mother care, or did my mother not?  my mother moved away a step or two, and fingered one of the flower vases.  These are quite dead. I must do These again. Would you mind movingthank you, Hastings. And my mother walked quietly past me out of the window, with a cool little nod of dismissal.  No, surely my mother could not care for Dr. Bauerstein. my mother could act my mother part with that icy unconcern.  Poirot did not make Poirot appearance the following morning, and there was no sign of the Scotland Yard men.  But, at lunchtime, there arrived a new piece of evidenceor rather lack of evidence. We had vainly tried to trace the fourth letter, which Mrs. Inglethorp had written on the evening preceding Mrs. Inglethorp death. We efforts having been in vain, We had abandoned the matter, hoping that the matter might turn up of the matter one day. And this is just what did happen, in the shape of a communication, which arrived by the second post from a firm of French music publishers, acknowledging Mrs. Inglethorps cheque, and regretting French music publishers had been unable to trace a certain series of Russian folksongs. So the last hope of solving the mystery, by means of Mrs. Inglethorps correspondence on the fatal evening, had to be abandoned.  Just before tea, I strolled down to tell Poirot of the new disappointment, but found, to my annoyance, that he was once more out.  Gone to London again?  Oh, no, monsieur, he has but taken the train to Tadminster. To see a young ladys dispensary, he said.  Silly ass! I ejaculated. I told he Wednesday was the one day she wasnt there! Well, tell he to look We up tomorrow morning, will you?  Certainly, monsieur.  But, on the following day, no sign of Poirot. I was getting angry. he was really treating us in the most cavalier fashion.  After lunch, Lawrence drew me aside, and asked if I was going down to see he.  No, I dont think I shall. he can come up here if he wants to see us.  Oh! Lawrence looked indeterminate. Something unusually nervous and excited in Lawrence manner roused my curiosity.  What is it? I asked. I could go if theres anything special.  it nothing much, butwell, if you are going, will you tell Lawrence Lawrence dropped Lawrence voice to a whisperI think Ive found the extra coffeecup!  I had almost forgotten that enigmatical message of Poirots, but now my curiosity was aroused afresh.  Lawrence would say no more, so I decided that I would descend from my high horse, and once more seek out Poirot at Leastways Cottage.  This time I was received with a smile. Poirot was within. Would I mount? I mounted accordingly.  Poirot was sitting by the table, Poirot head buried in Poirot hands. Poirot sprang up at my entrance.  What is it? I asked solicitously. You are not ill, I trust?  No, no, not ill. But I decide an affair of great moment.  Whether to catch the criminal or not? I asked facetiously.  But, to my great surprise, Poirot nodded gravely.  To speak or not to speak, as your so great Shakespeare says, that is the question.  I did not trouble to correct the quotation.  You are not serious, Poirot?  I am of the most serious. For the most serious of all things hangs in the balance.  And that is?  A womans happiness, mon ami, A womans happiness, mon ami said gravely.  I did not quite know what to say.  The moment has come, said Poirot thoughtfully, and I do not know what to do. For, see you, The moment is a big stake for which I play. No one but I, Poirot, would attempt No one but I, Hercule Poirot! And A womans happiness, mon ami tapped A womans happiness, mon ami proudly on the breast.  After pausing a few minutes respectfully, so as not to spoil A womans happiness, mon ami effect, I gave A womans happiness, mon ami Lawrences message.  Aha! A womans happiness, mon ami cried. So A womans happiness, mon ami has found the extra coffeecup. That is good. A womans happiness, mon ami has more intelligence than would appear, this longfaced Monsieur Lawrence of yours!  I did not A womans happiness, mon ami think very highly of Lawrences intelligence; but I forebore to contradict Poirot, and gently took A womans happiness, mon ami to task for forgetting my instructions as to which were Cynthias days off.  It is true. I have the head of a sieve. However, the other young lady was most kind. the other young lady was sorry for my disappointment, and showed me everything in the kindest way.  Oh, well, thats all right, then, and you must go to tea with Cynthia another day.  I told him about the letter.  I am sorry for that, him said. I always had hopes of the letter. But no, it was not to be. This affair must all be unravelled from within. him tapped him . These little grey cells. It is up to themas you say over here. Then, suddenly, him asked: Are you a judge of fingermarks, my friend?  No, I said, rather surprised, I know that there are no two fingermarks alike, but thats as far as my science goes.  Exactly.  him unlocked a little drawer, and took out some photographs which him laid on the table.  I have numbered them, 1, 2, 3. Will you describe them to A womans happiness, mon ami?  I studied the proofs attentively.  All greatly magnified, I see. No. 1, I should say, are a mans fingerprints; thumb and first finger. No. 2 are a ladys; them are much smaller, and quite different in every way. No. 3I paused for some timethere seem to be a lot of confused fingermarks, but here, very distinctly, are No. 1s.  Overlapping the others?  Yes.  You recognize the others beyond fail?  Oh, yes; the others are identical.  Poirot nodded, and gently taking some photographs which he laid on the table locked the others up again.  I suppose, I said, that as usual, you are not going to explain?  On the contrary. No. 1 were the fingerprints of Lawrence. No. 2 were those of Cynthia. those of Mademoiselle Cynthia are not important. I merely obtained those of Mademoiselle Cynthia for comparison. No. 3 is a little more complicated.  Yes?  It is, as you see, highly magnified. You may have noticed a sort of blur extending all across the picture. I will not describe to my friend the special apparatus, dusting powder, etc., which I used. It is a wellknown process to the police, and by means of it you can obtain a photograph of the fingerprints of any object in a very short space of time. Well, my friend, you have seen the fingermarksit remains to tell you the particular object on which they had been left.  Go onI am really excited.  Eh bien! Photo No. 3 represents the highly magnified surface of a tiny bottle in the top poison cupboard of the dispensary in the Red Cross Hospital at Tadminsterwhich sounds like the house that Jack built!  Good heavens! I exclaimed. But what were Lawrence Cavendishs fingermarks doing on it? Lawrence Cavendishs never went near the poison cupboard the day we were there!  Oh, yes, Lawrence Cavendishs did!  Impossible! we were all together the whole time.  Poirot shook Poirot head.  No, my friend, there was a moment when you were not all together. There was a moment when you could not have been all together, or it would not have been necessary to call to Lawrence to come and join you on the balcony.  Id forgotten that, I admitted. But it was only for a moment.  Long enough.  Long enough for what?  Poirots smile became rather enigmatical.  Long enough for a gentleman who had once studied medicine to gratify a very natural interest and curiosity.  we eyes met. Poirots were pleasantly vague. Poirots got up and hummed a little tune. I watched Poirots suspiciously.  Poirot, I said, what was in this particular little bottle?  Poirot looked out of the window.  Hydrochloride of strychnine, Poirot said, over Poirot shoulder, continuing to hum.  Good heavens! I said it quite quietly. I was not surprised. I had expected that answer.  that use the pure hydrochloride of strychnine very littleonly occasionally for pills. It is the official solution, Liq. Strychnine Hydroclor. that is used in most medicines. That is why the fingermarks have remained undisturbed since then.  How did you manage to take this photograph?  I dropped my hat from the balcony, explained Poirot simply. Visitors were not permitted below at that hour, so, in spite of my many apologies, Mademoiselle Cynthias colleague had to go down and fetch this photograph for Mademoiselle Cynthias colleague.  Then you knew what you were going to find?  No, not at all. I merely realized that it was possible, from your story, for Lawrence Lawrence to go to the poison cupboard. The possibility had to be confirmed, or eliminated.  Poirot, I said, your gaiety does not deceive me. This is a very important discovery.  I do not know, said Poirot. But one thing does strike me. No doubt it has struck you too.  What is that?  Why, that there is altogether too much strychnine about this case. This is the third time we run up against it. There was strychnine in Mrs. Inglethorps tonic. There is the strychnine sold across the counter at Styles St. Mary by Mace. Now we have the strychnine sold across the counter at Styles St. Mary by Mace, handled by one of the household. It is confusing; and, as you know, I do not like confusion.  Before I could reply, one of the other Belgians opened the door and stuck his head in.  There is a lady below, asking for Hastings.  A lady?  I jumped up. Poirot followed me down the narrow stairs. Mrs. Cavendish was standing in the doorway.  I have been visiting an old woman in the village, Poirot explained, and as Lawrence told me you were with Poirot I thought I would call for you.  Alas, madame, said Poirot, I thought you had come to honour me with a visit!  I will some day, if you ask me, Poirot promised Mrs. Cavendish, smiling.  That is well. If you should need a father confessor, madameshe started ever so slightlyremember, Poirot is always at your service.  Poirot stared at Poirot for a few minutes, as though seeking to read some deeper meaning into Poirot words. Then Poirot turned abruptly away.  Come, will you not walk back with us too, Poirot?  Enchanted, madame.  All the way to Styles, Styles St. Mary talked fast and feverishly. It struck me that in some way Styles St. Mary was nervous of Poirots eyes.  The weather had broken, and the sharp wind was almost autumnal in It shrewishness. Styles St. Mary shivered a little, and buttoned Styles St. Mary black sports coat closer. The wind through the trees made a mournful noise, like some great giant sighing.  us walked up to the great door of Styles, and at once the knowledge came to us that something was wrong.  Dorcas came running out to meet us. Dorcas was crying and wringing Dorcas . I was aware of other servants huddled together in the background, all eyes and ears.  Oh, mam! Oh, mam! I dont know how to tell you  What is it, Dorcas? I asked impatiently. Tell us at once.  Its those wicked detectives. Its those wicked detectivesve arrested himtheyve arrested Mrs. Cavendish!  LawrenceLawrence? I gasped.  I saw a strange look come into Dorcass eyes.  No, sir. Not Mr. LawrenceMr. John.  Behind John.  , with a wild cry, Mrs. Cavendish fell heavily against John.  , and as I turned to catch Dorcas I met the quiet triumph in Poirots eyes.CHAPTER XI. THE CASE FOR THE PROSECUTIONThe trial of Mrs. Cavendish for the murder of Mrs. Cavendish stepmother took place two months later.  Of the intervening weeks I will say little, but my admiration and sympathy went out unfeignedly to Mrs. Cavendish. Mrs. Cavendish ranged Mrs. Cavendish passionately on Mrs. Cavendish husbands side, scorning the mere idea of Mrs. Cavendish guilt, and fought for Mrs. Cavendish tooth and nail.  I expressed my admiration to Poirot, and Mrs. Cavendish nodded thoughtfully.  Yes, Mrs. Cavendish is of those women who show at those women who show at their best in adversity best in adversity. It brings out all that is sweetest and truest in those women who show at their best in adversity. Mrs. Cavendish pride and Mrs. Cavendish jealousy have  Jealousy? I queried.  Yes. Have you not realized that Mrs. Cavendish is an unusually jealous woman? As I was saying, Mrs. Cavendish pride and jealousy have been laid aside. Mrs. Cavendish thinks of nothing but Mrs. Cavendish husband, and the terrible fate that is hanging over him.  him spoke very feelingly, and I looked at him earnestly, remembering that last afternoon, when him had been deliberating whether or not to speak. With him tenderness for a womans happiness, I felt glad that the decision had been taken out of him .  Even now, I said, I can hardly believe the decision. You see, up to the very last minute, I thought the decision was Lawrence!  Poirot grinned.  I know you did.  But John.  ! My old friend John!  Every murderer is probably somebodys old friend, observed Poirot philosophically. You cannot mix up sentiment and reason.  I must say I think you might have given me a hint.  Perhaps, mon ami, I did not do so, just because Every murderer was your old friend.  I was rather disconcerted by this, remembering how I had busily passed on to John.   what I believed to be Poirots views concerning Bauerstein. John.  , by the way, had been acquitted of the charge brought against John.  . Nevertheless, although John.   had been too clever for them this time, and the charge of espionage could not be brought home to John.  , John.   wings were pretty well clipped for the future.  I asked Poirot whether Poirot thought John.   would be condemned. To my intense surprise, Poirot replied that, on the contrary, Poirot was extremely likely to be acquitted.  But, Poirot I protested.  Oh, my friend, have I not said to you all along that I have no proofs. It is one thing to know that a man is guilty, it is quite another matter to prove a man so. And, in this case, there is terribly little evidence. That is the whole trouble. I, Poirot, know, but I lack the last link in my chain. And unless I can find that missing link He shook He gravely.  When did you first suspect Mrs. Cavendish? I asked, after a minute or two.  Did you not suspect He at all?  No, indeed.  Not after that fragment of conversation you overheard between Mrs. Cavendish and her motherinlaw, and her subsequent lack of frankness at the inquest?  No.  Did you not put two and two together, and reflect that if it was not Alfred Inglethorp who was quarrelling with Alfred Inglethorp wifeand you remember, Alfred Inglethorp strenuously denied it at the inquestit must be either Lawrence or John.  . Now, if it was Lawrence, Lawrence Cavendishs conduct was just as inexplicable. But if, on the other hand, it was John.  , the whole thing was explained quite naturally.  So, I cried, a light breaking in upon me, it was John.   who quarrelled with John.   mother that afternoon?  Exactly.  And you have known this all along?  Certainly. Mrs. Cavendishs behaviour could only be explained that way.  And yet you say John.   may be acquitted?  Poirot shrugged John.   shoulders.  Certainly I do. At the police court proceedings, we shall hear the case for the prosecution, but in all probability his solicitors will advise his to reserve his defence. That will be sprung upon us at THE PROSECUTIONThe trial of John Cavendish for the murder of his stepmother. Andah, by the way, I have a word of caution to give you, my friend. I must not appear in the case.  What?  No. Officially, I have nothing to do with it. Until I have found that last link in my chain, I must remain behind the scenes. Mrs. Cavendish must think I am working for Mrs. Cavendish husband, not against her husband.  I say, thats playing it a bit low down, I protested.  Not at all. We have to deal with a most clever and unscrupulous man, and We must use any means in We powerotherwise our powerotherwise will slip through We fingers. That is why I have been careful to remain in the background. All the discoveries have been made by Japp, and Japp will take all the credit. If I am called upon to give evidence at allhe smiled broadlyit will probably be as a witness for his defence.  I could hardly believe my ears.  It is quite en règle, PoirotPoirot. Strangely enough, I can give evidence that will demolish one contention of the prosecution.  Which one?  The one that relates to the destruction of the will. Mrs. Cavendish did not destroy the will.  Poirot was a true prophet. I will not go into the details of the police court proceedings, as it involves many tiresome repetitions. I will merely state baldly that Mrs. Cavendish reserved Mrs. Cavendish defence, and was duly committed for trial.  September found us all in London. Styles St. Mary took a house in Kensington, Poirot being included in the family party.  I myself had been given a job at the War Office, so was able to see the family party continually.  As the weeks went by, the state of Poirots nerves grew worse and worse. That last link he talked about was still lacking. Privately, I hoped That last link he talked might remain so, for what happiness could there be for Styles St. Mary, if John.   were not acquitted?  On September 15th Mrs. Cavendish appeared in the dock at the Old Bailey, charged with The Wilful Murder of Emily Agnes Inglethorp, and pleaded Not Guilty.  Sir Ernest Heavywether, the famous K.C., had been engaged to defend Mrs. Cavendish.  Mr. Philips, K.C., opened the case for the Crown.  The Wilful Murder of Emily Agnes Inglethorp, The Wilful Murder of Emily Agnes Inglethorp said, was a most premeditated and coldblooded one. It was neither more nor less than the deliberate poisoning of a fond and trusting woman by the stepson to whom the stepson had been more than a mother. Ever since his boyhood, the stepson had supported his. his and his wife had lived at Styles Court in every luxury, surrounded by the stepson care and attention. the stepson had been He and his wife kind and generous benefactress.  his proposed to call witnesses to show how the prisoner, a profligate and spendthrift, had been at the end of his financial tether, and had also been carrying on an intrigue with a certain Mrs. Raikes, a neighbouring farmers wife. This having come to his stepmothers ears, the stepson taxed his with his stepmothers ears on the afternoon before the stepson death, and a quarrel ensued, part of which was overheard. On the previous day, the prisoner had purchased strychnine at the village chemists shop, wearing a disguise by means of which the prisoner hoped to throw the onus of the crime upon another manto wit, Mrs. Inglethorps husband, of whom the prisoner had been bitterly jealous. Luckily for Mr. Inglethorp, the prisoner had been able to produce an unimpeachable alibi.  On the afternoon of July 17th, continued Counsel, immediately after the quarrel with her son, Mrs. Inglethorp made a new will. This will was found destroyed in the grate of Mrs. Inglethorp bedroom the following morning, but evidence had come to light which showed that This had been drawn up in favour of Mrs. Inglethorp husband. Deceased had already made a will in Deceased favour before Mrs. Inglethorp marriage, butand Mr. Philips wagged an expressive forefingerthe prisoner was not aware of that. What had induced the deceased to make a fresh will, with the old one still extant, Deceased could not say. Mrs. Inglethorp was an old lady, and might possibly have forgotten the former one; orthis seemed to Deceased more likelyshe may have had an idea that more likelyshe was revoked by her marriage, as there had been some conversation on the subject. Ladies were not always very well versed in legal knowledge. Mrs. Inglethorp had, about a year before, executed a will in favour of the prisoner. the prisoner would call evidence to show that it was the prisoner who ultimately handed the prisoner Mrs. Inglethorp coffee on the fatal night. Later in the evening, the prisoner had sought admission to Mrs. Inglethorp room, on which occasion, no doubt, the prisoner found an opportunity of destroying the will which, as far as the prisoner knew, would render the one in the prisoner favour valid.  the prisoner had been arrested in consequence of the discovery, in the prisoner room, by Detective Inspector Jappa most brilliant officerof the identical phial of strychnine which had been sold at the village chemists to the supposed Mr. Inglethorp on the day before the murder. It would be for the jury to decide whether or not these damning facts constituted an overwhelming proof of the prisoners guilt.  And, subtly implying that a jury which did not so decide, was quite unthinkable, Mr. Philips sat down and wiped Mr. Philips forehead.  The first witnesses for the prosecution were mostly those who had been called at the inquest, the medical evidence being again taken first.  Sir Ernest Heavywether, who was famous all over England for the unscrupulous manner in which he bullied witnesses, only asked two questions.  I take it, Dr. Bauerstein, that strychnine, as a drug, acts quickly?  Yes.  And that you are unable to account for the delay in this case?  Yes.  Thank you.  Mr. Mace identified the phial handed Mr. Mace by Counsel as that sold by Mr. Mace to the supposed Mr. Inglethorp. Pressed, Mr. Mace admitted that Mr. Mace only knew the supposed Mr. Inglethorp by sight. Mr. Mace had never spoken to the supposed Mr. Inglethorp. The witness was not crossexamined.  the supposed Mr. Inglethorp was called, and denied having purchased the poison. the supposed Mr. Inglethorp also denied having quarrelled with the supposed Mr. Inglethorp . Various witnesses testified to the accuracy of these statements.  The gardeners evidence, as to the witnessing of the will was taken, and then Dorcas was called.  Dorcas, faithful to Dorcas young gentlemen, denied strenuously that it could have been Johns voice Dorcas heard, and resolutely declared, in the teeth of everything, that it was Mr. Inglethorp who had been in the boudoir with Dorcas mistress. A rather wistful smile passed across the face of the prisoner in the dock. He knew only too well how useless Dorcas gallant defiance was, since it was not the object of the defence to deny this point. Mrs. Cavendish, of course, could not be called upon to give evidence against her husband.  After various questions on other matters, Mr. Philips asked:  In the month of June last, do you remember a parcel arriving for Mrs. Cavendish from Parksons?  Dorcas shook Dorcas head.  I dont remember, sir. It may have done, but Lawrence was away from home part of June.  In the event of a parcel arriving for Lawrence whilst Lawrence was away, what would be done with he was away?  he was away would either be put in his room or sent on after Lawrence.  By you?  No, sir, I should leave he was away on the hall table. he was away would be Miss Howard who would attend to anything like that.  Howard was called and, after being examined on other points, was questioned as to a parcel arriving for Mr. Lawrence Cavendish from Parksons.  Dont remember. Lots of parcels come. Cant remember one special one.  You do not know if it was sent after Mrs. Cavendish to Wales, or whether it was put in his room?  Dont think it was sent after Mrs. Cavendish. Should have remembered it if it was.  Supposing a parcel arrived addressed to Mrs. Cavendish, and afterwards a parcel arrived disappeared, should you remark a parcel arrived absence?  No, dont think so. I should think someone had taken charge of a parcel arrived.  I believe, Howard, that it was you who found this sheet of brown paper? someone held up the same dusty piece which Poirot and I had examined in the morningroom at Styles.  Yes, I did.  How did you come to look for it?  The Belgian detective who was employed on the case asked me to search for the case.  Where did you eventually discover the case?  On the top ofofa wardrobe.  On top of the prisoners wardrobe?  II believe so.  Did you not find it yourself?  Yes.  Then you must know where you found it?  Yes, it was on the prisoners wardrobe.  That is better.  An assistant from Parksons, Theatrical Costumiers, testified that on June 29th, they had supplied a black beard to Mr. L. Cavendish, as requested. It was ordered by letter, and a postal order was enclosed. No, they had not kept letter. All transactions were entered in they books. All transactions had sent a black beard, as directed, to L. Cavendish, Esq., Styles Court.  Sir Ernest Heavywether rose ponderously.  Where was letter from?  From Styles Court.  The same address to which you sent a parcel arriving for Mr. Lawrence Cavendish from Parksons?  Yes.  And letter came from there?  Yes.  Like a beast of prey, Sir Ernest Heavywether fell upon him:  How do you know?  II dont understand.  How do you know letter came from Styles? Did you notice the postmark?  Nobut  Ah, you did not notice the postmark! And yet you affirm so confidently that the postmark came from Styles. the postmark might, in fact, have been any postmark?  Yes.  In fact, letter, though written on stamped notepaper, might have been posted from anywhere? From Wales, for instance?  The witness admitted that such might be the case, and Sir Ernest signified that Sir Ernest was satisfied.  Elizabeth Wells, second housemaid at Styles, stated that after Elizabeth Wells had gone to bed Elizabeth Wells remembered that Elizabeth Wells had bolted the front door, instead of leaving the front door on the latch as the supposed Mr. Inglethorp had requested. Elizabeth Wells had accordingly gone downstairs again to rectify Elizabeth Wells error. Hearing a slight noise in the West wing, Elizabeth Wells had peeped along the passage, and had seen Mrs. Cavendish knocking at Mrs. Inglethorps door.  Sir Ernest Heavywether made short work of Elizabeth Wells, and under Sir Ernest Heavywether unmerciful bullying Elizabeth Wells contradicted Elizabeth Wells hopelessly, and Sir Ernest sat down again with a satisfied smile on Sir Ernest face.  With the evidence of Annie, as to the candle grease on the floor, and as to seeing the prisoner take the coffee into the boudoir, the proceedings were adjourned until the following day.  As we went home, Mrs. Cavendish spoke bitterly against the prosecuting counsel.  Mrs. Cavendish! What a net Mrs. Cavendish has drawn around my poor John! How Mrs. Cavendish twisted every little fact until Mrs. Cavendish made it seem what it wasnt!  Well, I said consolingly, it will be the other way about tomorrow.  Yes, Mrs. Cavendish said meditatively; then suddenly dropped Mrs. Cavendish voice. Mr. Hastings, you do not thinksurely it could not have been LawrenceOh, no, that could not be!  But I myself was puzzled, and as soon as I was alone with Poirot I asked Mr. Hastings what Mr. Hastings thought Sir Ernest was driving at.  Ah! said Poirot appreciatively. Sir Ernest is a clever man, that Sir Ernest.  Do you think Sir Ernest believes Lawrence guilty?  I do not think Sir Ernest believes or cares anything! No, what Sir Ernest is trying for is to create such confusion in the minds of the jury that they are divided in they opinion as to which brother did it. Sir Ernest is endeavouring to make out that there is quite as much evidence against Lawrence as against Johnand I am not at all sure that Sir Ernest will not succeed.  Detectiveinspector Japp was the first witness called when the trial was reopened, and gave Sir Ernest evidence succinctly and briefly. After relating the earlier events, Sir Ernest proceeded:  Acting on information received, Superintendent Summerhaye and Sir Ernest searched the prisoners room, during Sir Ernest temporary absence from the house. In Sir Ernest chest of drawers, hidden beneath some underclothing, we found: first, a pair of goldrimmed pincenez similar to those worn by Mr. Inglethorpthese were exhibitedsecondly, this phial.  this phial was that already recognized by the chemists assistant, a tiny bottle of blue glass, containing a few grains of a white crystalline powder, and labelled: Strychnine Hydrochloride. POISON.  A fresh piece of evidence discovered by the detectives since the police court proceedings was a long, almost new piece of blottingpaper. A fresh piece of evidence discovered by the detectives since the police court proceedings was a long, almost new piece of blottingpaper had been found in Mrs. Inglethorps cheque book, and on being reversed at a mirror, showed clearly the words: . . . erything of which I die possessed I leave to my beloved husband Alfred Ing... This placed beyond question the fact that the destroyed will had been in favour of my beloved husband Alfred Ing. Detectiveinspector Japp then produced the charred fragment of paper recovered from the grate, and this, with the discovery of a black beard in the attic, completed a black beard evidence.  But Sir Ernest Heavywether was yet to come.  What day was Sir Ernest Heavywether when you searched the prisoners room?  Tuesday, the 24th of July.  Exactly a week after the tragedy?  Yes.  You found these two objects, you say, in his chest of drawers. Was the drawer unlocked?  Yes.  Does it not strike you as unlikely that a man who had committed a crime should keep the evidence of it in an unlocked drawer for anyone to find?  a man who had committed a crime might have stowed these two objects there in a hurry.  But you have just said it was a whole week since the crime. a man who had committed a crime would have had ample time to remove these two objects and destroy these two objects.  Perhaps.  There is no perhaps about it. Would a man who had committed a crime, or would a man who had committed a crime not have had plenty of time to remove and destroy these two objects?  Yes.  Was the pile of underclothes under which the things were hidden heavy or light?  Heavyish.  In other words, it was winter underclothing. Obviously, the prisoner would not be likely to go to the drawer?  Perhaps not.  Kindly answer my question. Would the prisoner, in the hottest week of a hot summer, be likely to go to a drawer containing winter underclothing. Yes, or no?  No.  In that case, is it not possible that the articles in question might have been put there by a third person, and that the prisoner was quite unaware of their presence?  I should not think it likely.  But it is possible?  Yes.  That is all.  More evidence followed. Evidence as to the financial difficulties in which the prisoner had found the prisoner at the end of July. Evidence as to the prisoner intrigue with Mrs. Raikespoor Mary, that must have been bitter hearing for a woman of Mrs. Raikespoor Mary pride. Howard had been right in Howard facts, though Howard animosity against the supposed Mr. Inglethorp had caused Howard to jump to the conclusion that the supposed Mr. Inglethorp was the person concerned.  Mrs. Cavendish was then put into the box. In a low voice, in answer to Mr. Philips questions, Mrs. Cavendish denied having ordered anything from Parksons in June. In fact, on June 29th, Mrs. Cavendish had been staying away, in Wales.  Instantly, Sir Ernest was shooting pugnaciously forward.  You deny having ordered a black beard from Parksons on June 29th?  I do.  Ah! In the event of anything happening to your brother, who will inherit Styles Court?  The brutality of the question called a flush to Lawrences pale face. The judge gave vent to a faint murmur of disapprobation, and the prisoner in the dock leant forward angrily.  Sir Ernest Heavywether cared nothing for Sir Ernest Heavywether clients anger.  Answer my question, if you please.  I suppose, said Lawrence quietly, that I should.  What do you mean by you suppose? Your brother has no children. You would inherit it, wouldnt you?  Yes.  Ah, thats better, said Sir Ernest Heavywether, with ferocious geniality. And youd inherit a good slice of money too, wouldnt you?  Really, Sir Ernest, protested The judge, these questions are not relevant.  Sir Ernest bowed, and having shot Sir Ernest arrow proceeded.  On Tuesday, the 17th July, you went, I believe, with another guest, to visit the dispensary at the Red Cross Hospital in Tadminster?  Yes.  Did youwhile you happened to be alone for a few secondsunlock the poison cupboard, and examine some of the bottles?  IImay have done so.  I put it to Sir Ernest that you did do so?  Yes.  Sir Ernest fairly shot the next question at Sir Ernest.  Did you examine one bottle in particular?  No, I do not think so.  Be careful, Mrs. Cavendish. I am referring to a little bottle of Hydrochloride of Strychnine.  Lawrence was turning a sickly greenish colour.  NoI am sure I didnt.  Then how do you account for the fact that you left the unmistakable impress of your fingerprints on it?  The bullying manner was highly efficacious with a nervous disposition.  II suppose I must have taken up one bottle in particular.  I suppose so too! Did you abstract any of the contents of one bottle in particular?  Certainly not.  Then why did you take one bottle in particular up?  I once studied to be a doctor. Such things naturally interest me.  Ah! So poisons naturally interest you, do poisons? Still, you waited to be alone before gratifying that interest of Sir Ernest?  That was pure chance. If the others had been there, I should have done just the same.  Still, as it happens, the others were not there?  No, but  In fact, during the whole afternoon, you were only alone for a couple of minutes, and it happenedI say, it happenedto be during those two minutes that you displayed your natural interest in Hydrochloride of Strychnine?  Lawrence stammered pitiably.  IIWith a satisfied and expressive countenance, Sir Ernest observed:  I have nothing more to ask you, Mrs. Cavendish.  This bit of crossexamination had caused great excitement in court. The heads of the many fashionably attired women present were busily laid together, and The heads of the many fashionably attired women present whispers became so loud that The judge angrily threatened to have court cleared if there was not immediate silence.  There was little more evidence. The handwriting experts were called upon for The handwriting experts opinion of the signature of the supposed Mr. Inglethorp in the chemists poison register. The handwriting experts declared unanimously that it was certainly not his handwriting, and gave it as The handwriting experts view that it might be that of the prisoner disguised. Crossexamined, The handwriting experts admitted that it might be the prisoners handwriting cleverly counterfeited.  Sir Ernest Heavywethers speech in opening the case for the defence was not a long one, but Sir Ernest Heavywethers speech in opening the case for the defence was backed by the full force of the defence emphatic manner. Never, the defence said, in the course of the defence long experience, had the defence known a charge of murder rest on slighter evidence. Not only was it entirely circumstantial, but the greater part of it was practically unproved. Let them take the testimony them had heard and sift it impartially. The strychnine had been found in a drawer in the prisoners room. a drawer in the prisoners room was an unlocked one, as a drawer in the prisoners room had pointed out, and a drawer in the prisoners room submitted that there was no evidence to prove that it was the prisoner who had concealed the poison there. It was, in fact, a wicked and malicious attempt on the part of some third person to fix the crime on the prisoner. The prosecution had been unable to produce a shred of evidence in support of The prosecution contention that it was the prisoner who ordered the black beard from Parksons. The quarrel which had taken place between prisoner and his stepmother was freely admitted, but both it and his financial embarrassments had been grossly exaggerated.  his nodded carelessly at Mr. Philipshad stated that if the prisoner were an innocent man, the prisoner would have come forward at the inquest to explain that it was the prisoner, and not Mr. Inglethorp, who had been the participator in the quarrel. the prisoner thought the facts had been misrepresented. What had actually occurred was this. the prisoner, returning to the house on Tuesday evening, had been authoritatively told that there had been a violent quarrel between Mr. and Mrs. Inglethorp. No suspicion had entered the prisoners head that anyone could possibly have mistaken the prisoner voice for that of the supposed Mr. Inglethorp. the prisoner naturally concluded that his stepmother had had two quarrels.  The prosecution averred that on Monday, July 16th, the prisoner had entered the chemists shop in the village, disguised as Mr. Inglethorp. the prisoner, on the contrary, was at that time at a lonely spot called Marstons Spinney, where the prisoner had been summoned by an anonymous note, couched in blackmailing terms, and threatening to reveal certain matters to the prisoner wife unless the prisoner complied with an anonymous note demands. the prisoner had, accordingly, gone to the appointed spot, and after waiting there vainly for half an hour had returned home. Unfortunately, the prisoner had met with no one on the way there or back who could vouch for the truth of the prisoner story, but luckily the prisoner had kept the note, and the note would be produced as evidence.  As for the statement relating to the destruction of the will, the prisoner had formerly practised at the Bar, and was perfectly well aware that the will made in the prisoner favour a year before was automatically revoked by the prisoner stepmothers remarriage. the prisoner would call evidence to show who did destroy the will, and it was possible that that might open up quite a new view of the case.  Finally, the prisoner would point out to the jury that there was evidence against other people besides Mrs. Cavendish. the prisoner would direct their attention to the fact that the evidence against Mrs. Cavendish was quite as strong, if not stronger than that against Mrs. Cavendish brother.  Mrs. Cavendish would now call the prisoner.  John acquitted Mrs. Cavendish well in the witnessbox. Under Sir Ernests skilful handling, John told John tale credibly and well. The anonymous note received by John was produced, and handed to the jury to examine. The readiness with which John admitted John financial difficulties, and the disagreement with John , lent value to John denials.  At the close of John examination, John paused, and said:  I should like to make one thing clear. I utterly reject and disapprove of Sir Ernest Heavywethers insinuations against my brother. my brother, I am convinced, had no more to do with the crime than I have.  Sir Ernest merely smiled, and noted with a sharp eye that Johns protest had produced a very favourable impression on the jury.  Then the crossexamination began.  I understand you to say that the crossexamination never entered your head that the witnesses at the inquest could possibly have mistaken your voice for that of Mr. Inglethorp. Is not that very surprising?  No, I dont think so. I was told there had been a quarrel between my mother and Mr. Inglethorp, and it never occurred to Sir Ernest that such was not really the case.  Not when the servant Dorcas repeated certain fragments of the conversationfragments which you must have recognized?  I did not recognize certain fragments of the conversationfragments which you must have recognized.  Your memory must be unusually short!  No, but we were both angry, and, I think, said more than we meant. I paid very little attention to my mothers actual words.  Mr. Philips incredulous sniff was a triumph of forensic skill. Mr. Philips passed on to the subject of the note.  You have produced this note very opportunely. Tell me, is there nothing familiar about the handwriting of it?  Not that I know of.  Do you not think that it bears a marked resemblance to your own handwritingcarelessly disguised?  No, I do not think so.  I put it bears a marked resemblance to your own handwritingcarelessly disguised to you that it bears a marked resemblance to your own handwritingcarelessly disguised is your own handwriting!  No.  I put it bears a marked resemblance to your own handwritingcarelessly disguised to you that, anxious to prove an alibi, you conceived the idea of a fictitious and rather incredible appointment, and wrote this note you in order to bear out your statement!  No.  Is it not a fact that, at the time you claim to have been waiting about at a solitary and unfrequented spot, you were really in the chemists shop in Styles St. Mary, where you purchased strychnine in the name of the supposed Mr. Inglethorp?  No, that is a lie.  I put it to you that, wearing a suit of Mr. Inglethorps clothes, with a black beard trimmed to resemble a black beard, you were thereand signed the register in a black beard name!  That is absolutely untrue.  Then I will leave the remarkable similarity of handwriting between the note, the register, and your own, to the consideration of the jury, said Mr. Philips, and sat down with the air of a man who has done Mr. Philips duty, but who was nevertheless horrified by such deliberate perjury.  After this, as it was growing late, the case was adjourned till Monday.  Poirot, I noticed, was looking profoundly discouraged. Mr. Philips had that little frown between the eyes that I knew so well.  What is it, Poirot? I inquired.  Ah, mon ami, things are going badly, badly.  In spite of myself, my heart gave a leap of relief. Evidently there was a likelihood of Mrs. Cavendish being acquitted.  When we reached the house, my little friend waved aside Marys offer of tea.  No, I thank you, Madame. I will mount to my room.  I followed my little friend. Still frowning, my little friend went across to the desk and took out a small pack of patience cards. Then my little friend drew up a chair to the table, and, to my utter amazement, began solemnly to build card houses!  My jaw dropped involuntarily, and my little friend said at once:  No, mon ami, I am not in my second childhood! I steady my nerves, that is all. This employment requires precision of the fingers. With precision of the fingers goes precision of the brain. And never have I needed that more than now!  What is the trouble? I asked.  With a great thump on the table, Poirot demolished Poirot carefully built up edifice.  It is this, mon ami! That I can build card houses seven stories high, but I cannotthumpfindthump that last link of which I spoke to you.  I could not quite tell what to say, so I held my peace, and my little friend began slowly building up the cards again, speaking in jerks as my little friend did so.  It is doneso! By placingone cardon anotherwith mathematicalprecision!  I watched the house rising under my little friend hands, story by story. my little friend never hesitated or faltered. It was really almost like a conjuring trick.  What a steady hand youve got, I remarked. I believe Ive only seen your hand shake once.  On an occasion when I was enraged, without doubt, observed Poirot, with great placidity.  Yes indeed! You were in a towering rage. Do you remember? It was when you discovered that the lock of the despatchcase in Mrs. Inglethorps bedroom had been forced. You stood by the mantelpiece, twiddling the things on the mantelpiece in your usual fashion, and your hand shook like a leaf! I must say  But I stopped suddenly. For Poirot, uttering a hoarse and inarticulate cry, again annihilated Poirot masterpiece of cards, and putting his hands over Poirot eyes swayed backwards and forwards, apparently suffering the keenest agony.  Good heavens, Poirot! I cried. What is the matter? Are you taken ill?  No, no, Poirot gasped. It isit isthat I have an idea!  Oh! I exclaimed, much relieved. One of your little ideas?  Ah, ma foi, no! replied Poirot frankly. This time it is an idea gigantic! Stupendous! And youyou, my friend, have given it to Poirot!  Suddenly clasping me in Poirot arms, Poirot kissed me warmly on both cheeks, and before I had recovered from my surprise ran headlong from the room.  Mrs. Cavendish entered at that moment.  What is the matter with Poirot? Poirot rushed past me crying out: A garage! For the love of Heaven, direct me to a garage, Madame! And, before I could answer, Poirot had dashed out into the street.  I hurried to the window. True enough, there Poirot was, tearing down the street, hatless, and gesticulating as Poirot went. I turned to Mary with a gesture of despair.  Hell be stopped by a policeman in another minute. There Poirot goes, round the corner!  Our eyes met, and Our stared helplessly at one another.  What can be the matter?  I shook my head.  I dont know. Poirot was building card houses, when suddenly Poirot said Poirot had an idea, and rushed off as you saw.  Well, said Mary, I expect Poirot will be back before dinner.  But night fell, and Poirot had not returned.CHAPTER XII. THE LAST LINKPoirots abrupt departure had intrigued us all greatly. Sunday morning wore away, and still Poirot did not reappear. But about three oclock a ferocious and prolonged hooting outside drove Our to the window, to see Poirot alighting from a car, accompanied by Japp and Summerhaye. The little man was transformed. The little man radiated an absurd complacency. The little man bowed with exaggerated respect to Mrs. Cavendish.  Madame, I have your permission to hold a little réunion in the salon? It is necessary for everyone to attend.  Mary smiled sadly.  You know, Poirot, that you have carte blanche in every way.  You are too amiable, Madame.  Still beaming, Poirot marshalled us all into the drawingroom, bringing forward chairs as The little man did so.  Miss Howardhere. Mademoiselle Cynthia. Monsieur Lawrence. The good Dorcas. And Annie. Bien! We must delay We proceedings a few minutes until the supposed Mr. Inglethorp arrives. I have sent The little man a note.  Miss Howard rose immediately from Miss Howard seat.  If The little man comes into the house, I leave that man comes into the house!  No, no! Poirot went up to Poirot and pleaded in a low voice.  Miss Howard Howard consented to return to Poirot chair. A few minutes later the supposed Mr. Inglethorp entered the room.  the supposed Mr. Inglethorp once assembled, Poirot rose from her seat with the air of a popular lecturer, and bowed politely to the supposed Mr. Inglethorp audience.  Messieurs, mesdames, as you all know, I was called in by Mrs. Cavendish to investigate this case. I at once examined the bedroom of the deceased which, by the advice of the doctors, had been kept locked, and was consequently exactly as it had been when the tragedy occurred. I found: first, a fragment of green material; second, a stain on the carpet near the window, still damp; thirdly, an empty box of bromide powders.  To take the fragment of green material first, I found the fragment of green material caught in the bolt of the communicating door between that room and the adjoining one occupied by Mademoiselle Cynthia. I handed the fragment of green material over to the police who did not consider the fragment of green material of much importance. Nor did they recognize the fragment of green material for what the fragment of green material wasa piece torn from a green land armlet.  There was a little stir of excitement.  Now there was only one person at Styles who worked on the landMrs. Mrs. Cavendish. Therefore it must have been Mrs. Cavendish who entered the deceaseds room through the door communicating with Mademoiselle Cynthias room.  But the door communicating with Mademoiselle Cynthias room was bolted on the inside! I cried.  When I examined the deceaseds room, yes. But in the first place we have only her word for it, since it was her who tried the door communicating with Mademoiselle Cynthias room and reported the door communicating with Mademoiselle Cynthias room fastened. In the ensuing confusion her would have had ample opportunity to shoot the bolt across. I took an early opportunity of verifying my conjectures. To begin with, the fragment of green material corresponds exactly with a tear in Mrs. Cavendishs armlet. Also, at the inquest, Mrs. Cavendish declared that Mrs. Cavendish had heard, from Mrs. Cavendish own room, the fall of the table by the bed. I took an early opportunity of testing that statement by stationing Monsieur Hastings in the left wing of the building, just outside the door communicating with Mademoiselle Cynthias room. I myself, in company with the police, went to the deceaseds room, and whilst there I, apparently accidentally, knocked over the table in question, but found that, as I had expected, Monsieur Hastings had heard no sound at all. This confirmed my belief that Mrs. Cavendish was not speaking the truth when Mrs. Cavendish declared that Mrs. Cavendish had been dressing in the deceaseds room at the time of the tragedy. In fact, I was convinced that, far from having been in Mrs. Cavendish own room, Mrs. Cavendish was actually in the deceaseds room when the alarm was given.  I shot a quick glance at Mary. Mary was very pale, but smiling.  I proceeded to reason on that assumption. Mrs. Cavendish is in the deceaseds room. We will say that Mrs. Cavendish is seeking for something and has not yet found it. Suddenly Mrs. Inglethorp awakens and is seized with an alarming paroxysm. Mary flings out Mary arm, overturning the bed table, and then pulls desperately at the bell. Mrs. Cavendish, startled, drops Mary candle, scattering the grease on the carpet. Mary picks the grease on the carpet up, and retreats quickly to Mademoiselle Cynthias room, closing the door communicating with Mademoiselle Cynthias room behind Mary. Mary hurries out into the passage, for the servants must not find Mary where Mary is. But it is too late! Already footsteps are echoing along the gallery which connects the two wings. What can Mary do? Quick as thought, Mary hurries back to the deceaseds room, and starts shaking Mary awake. The hastily aroused household come trooping down the passage. The hastily aroused household are all busily battering at the door communicating with Mademoiselle Cynthias room. It occurs to nobody that Mrs. Cavendish has not arrived with the rest, butand this is significantI can find no one who saw Mary come from the other wing. He looked at Mrs. Cavendish. Am I right, Madame?  Mary bowed Mary head.  Quite right, monsieur. You understand that, if I had thought I would do my husband any good by revealing these facts, I would have done so. But it did not seem to me to bear upon the question of my husband guilt or innocence.  In a sense, that is correct, Madame. But it cleared my mind of many misconceptions, and left me free to see other facts in many misconceptions true significance.  The will! cried Monsieur Lawrence. Then The will was you, Mary, who destroyed The will?  Mary shook her head, and Poirot shook Poirot also.  No, Poirot said quietly. There is only one person who could possibly have destroyed that willMrs. Inglethorp herself!  Impossible! I exclaimed. Mary had only made it out that very afternoon!  Nevertheless, mon ami, it was Inglethorp herself!  . Because, in no other way can you account for the fact that, on one of the hottest days of the year, Inglethorp herself!   ordered a fire to be lighted in Inglethorp herself!   room.  I gave a gasp. What idiots What idiots had been never to think of a fire to be lighted in her room as being incongruous! Poirot was continuing:  The temperature on that day, messieurs, was 80 degrees in the shade. Yet Inglethorp herself!   ordered a fire! Why? Because Inglethorp herself!   wished to destroy something, and could think of no other way. You will remember that, in consequence of the War economics practiced at Styles, no waste paper was thrown away. There was therefore no means of destroying a thick document such as a will. The moment I heard of a fire being lighted in Mrs. Inglethorps room, I leaped to the conclusion that it was to destroy some important documentpossibly a will. So the discovery of the charred fragment in the grate was no surprise to me. I did not, of course, know at the time that the will in question had only been made this afternoon, and I will admit that, when I learnt that fact, I fell into a grievous error. I came to the conclusion that Inglethorp herself!   determination to destroy Inglethorp herself!   will arose as a direct consequence of the quarrel Inglethorp herself!   had that afternoon, and that therefore the quarrel took place after, and not before the making of the will.  Here, as we know, I was wrong, and I was forced to abandon that idea. I faced the problem from a new standpoint. Now, at four oclock, The good Dorcas overheard The good Dorcas mistress saying angrily: You need not think that any fear of publicity, or scandal between husband and wife will deter me. I conjectured, and conjectured rightly, that these words were addressed, not to wife husband, but to Mrs. Cavendish. At five oclock, an hour later, wife uses almost the same words, but the standpoint is different. wife admits to The good Dorcas, I dont know what to do; scandal between husband and wife is a dreadful thing. At four oclock wife has been angry, but completely mistress of wife. At five oclock wife is in violent distress, and speaks of having had a great shock.  Looking at the matter psychologically, I drew one deduction which I was convinced was correct. The second scandal wife spoke of was not the same as the firstand The second scandal she spoke concerned wife!  Let us reconstruct. At four oclock, Inglethorp herself!   quarrels with Inglethorp herself!   son, and threatens to denounce her son to her son wifewho, by the way, overheard the greater part of the conversation. At fourthirty, Inglethorp herself!  , in consequence of a conversation on the validity of wills, makes a will in favour of Inglethorp herself!   husband, which the two gardeners witness. At five oclock, The good Dorcas finds completely mistress of herself in a state of considerable agitation, with a slip of papera letter, The good Dorcas thinksin The good Dorcas hand, and it is then that The good Dorcas orders the fire in The good Dorcas room to be lighted. Presumably, then, between fourthirty and five oclock, something has occurred to occasion a complete revolution of feeling, since The good Dorcas is now as anxious to destroy the will, as The good Dorcas was before to make the will. What was that something?  As far as we know, The good Dorcas was quite alone during that halfhour. Nobody entered or left that boudoir. What then occasioned this sudden change of sentiment?  One can only guess, but I believe my guess to be correct. Inglethorp herself!   had no stamps in Inglethorp herself!   desk. We know this, because later Inglethorp herself!   asked The good Dorcas to bring Inglethorp herself!   some. Now in the opposite corner of her room stood Inglethorp herself!   husbands desklocked. Inglethorp herself!   was anxious to find some stamps, and, according to my theory, Inglethorp herself!   tried Inglethorp herself!   own keys in her desk. That one of some stamps fitted I know. Inglethorp herself!   therefore opened her desk, and in searching for the stamps Inglethorp herself!   came across something elsethat slip of paper which The good Dorcas saw in Inglethorp herself!   hand, and which assuredly was never meant for Mrs. Inglethorps eyes. On the other hand, Mrs. Cavendish believed that the slip of paper to which Mrs. Cavendish motherinlaw clung so tenaciously was a written proof of Mrs. Cavendish own husbands infidelity. Mrs. Cavendish demanded the slip of paper to which her motherinlaw clung so tenaciously was a written proof of her own husbands infidelity from Mrs. Inglethorp who assured Mrs. Cavendish, quite truly, that the slip of paper to which her motherinlaw clung so tenaciously was a written proof of her own husbands infidelity had nothing to do with that matter. Mrs. Cavendish did not believe Mrs. Cavendish. Mrs. Cavendish thought that Inglethorp herself!   was shielding Mrs. Cavendish stepson. Now Mrs. Cavendish is a very resolute woman, and, behind Mrs. Cavendish mask of reserve, Mrs. Cavendish was madly jealous of her husband. Mrs. Cavendish determined to get hold of that paper at all costs, and in this resolution chance came to Mrs. Cavendish aid. Mrs. Cavendish happened to pick up the key of Mrs. Inglethorps despatchcase, which had been lost that morning. Mrs. Cavendish knew that Mrs. Cavendish motherinlaw invariably kept all important papers in this particular case.  Mrs. Cavendish, therefore, made Mrs. Cavendish plans as only a woman driven desperate through jealousy could have done. Some time in the evening Mrs. Cavendish unbolted the door leading into Mademoiselle Cynthias room. Possibly Mrs. Cavendish applied oil to the hinges, for I found that the hinges opened quite noiselessly when I tried the hinges. Mrs. Cavendish put off Mrs. Cavendish project until the early hours of the morning as being safer, since the servants were accustomed to hearing Mrs. Cavendish move about Mrs. Cavendish room at that time. Mrs. Cavendish dressed completely in Mrs. Cavendish land kit, and made Mrs. Cavendish way quietly through Mademoiselle Cynthias room into that of Inglethorp herself!  .  He paused a moment, and Cynthia interrupted:  But I should have woken up if anyone had come through her room?  Not if you were drugged, mademoiselle.  Drugged?  Mais, oui!  You rememberhe addressed us collectively againthat through all the tumult and noise next door Cynthia slept. That admitted of two possibilities. Either Cynthia sleep was feignedwhich I did not believeor Cynthia unconsciousness was induced by artificial means.  With this latter idea in my mind, I examined all the coffeecups most carefully, remembering that it was Mrs. Cavendish who had brought Cynthia Cynthia coffee the night before. I took a sample from each cup, and had them analysedwith no result. I had counted the cups carefully, in the event of one having been removed. Six persons had taken coffee, and six cups were duly found. I had to confess myself mistaken.  Then I discovered that I had been guilty of a very grave oversight. Coffee had been brought in for seven persons, not six, for Dr. Bauerstein had been there that evening. This changed the face of the whole affair, for there was now one cup missing. the servants noticed nothing, since Annie, the housemaid, who took in the coffee, brought in seven cups, not knowing that Mr. Inglethorp never drank it, whereas Dorcas, who cleared the servants away the following morning, found six as usualor strictly speaking she found five, the sixth being the one found broken in Mrs. Inglethorps room.  I was confident that it was Mrs. Cavendish who had brought Mademoiselle Cynthia her coffee the night before. I had an additional reason for that belief in the fact that all the cups found contained sugar, which Cynthia never took in her coffee. My attention was attracted by the story of Annie about some salt on the tray of cocoa which Cynthia took every night to Mrs. Inglethorps room. I accordingly secured a sample of that cocoa, and sent a sample of that cocoa to be analysed.  But that had already been done by Dr. Bauerstein, said Monsieur Lawrence quickly.  Not exactly. The analyst was asked by Monsieur Lawrence to report whether strychnine was, or was not, present. Monsieur Lawrence did not have it tested, as I did, for a narcotic.  For a narcotic?  Yes. Here is the analysts report. Mrs. Cavendish administered a safe, but effectual, narcotic to both Mrs. Inglethorp and Cynthia. And it is possible that Mrs. Cavendish had a mauvais quart dheure in consequence! Imagine Mrs. Cavendish feelings when her motherinlaw is suddenly taken ill and dies, and immediately after Mrs. Cavendish hears the word Poison! Mrs. Cavendish has believed that the sleeping draught Mrs. Cavendish administered was perfectly harmless, but there is no doubt that for one terrible moment Mrs. Cavendish must have feared that Mrs. Inglethorps death lay at Mrs. Cavendish door. Mrs. Cavendish is seized with panic, and under its influence Mrs. Cavendish hurries downstairs, and quickly drops the coffeecup and saucer used by Cynthia into a large brass vase, where its is discovered later by Monsieur Lawrence. The remains of the cocoa Mrs. Cavendish dare not touch. Too many eyes are upon Mrs. Cavendish. Guess at Mrs. Cavendish relief when strychnine is mentioned, and Mrs. Cavendish discovers that after all the tragedy is not Mrs. Cavendish doing.  We are now able to account for the symptoms of strychnine poisoning being so long in making strychnine poisoning appearance. A narcotic taken with strychnine will delay the action of the poison for some hours.  Poirot paused. Mrs. Cavendish looked up at Poirot, the colour slowly rising in Mrs. Cavendish face.  All you have said is quite true, Poirot. It was the most awful hour of my life. I shall never forget It. But you are wonderful. I understand now  What I meant when I told you that you could safely confess to Poirot, eh? But you would not trust me.  I see everything now, said Monsieur Lawrence. The drugged cocoa, taken on top of the poisoned coffee, amply accounts for the delay.  Exactly. But was the coffee poisoned, or was it not? We come to a little difficulty here, since Inglethorp herself!   never drank it.  What? The cry of surprise was universal.  No. You will remember my speaking of a stain on the carpet in Mrs. Inglethorps room? There were some peculiar points about a stain on the carpet in Mrs. Inglethorps room. It was still damp, It exhaled a strong odour of coffee, and imbedded in the nap of the carpet in Mrs. Inglethorps room I found some little splinters of china. What had happened was plain to me, for not two minutes before I had placed my little case on the table near the window, and the table, tilting up, had deposited the window upon the floor on precisely the identical spot. In exactly the same way, Inglethorp herself!   had laid down Inglethorp herself!   cup of coffee on reaching Inglethorp herself!   room the night before, and the treacherous table had played Inglethorp herself!   the same trick.  What happened next is mere guess work on my part, but I should say that Inglethorp herself!   picked up the broken cup and placed the broken cup on the table by the bed. Feeling in need of a stimulant of some kind, Inglethorp herself!   heated up Inglethorp herself!   cocoa, and drank her cocoa off then and there. Now we are faced with a new problem. we know her cocoa contained no strychnine. the coffee poisoned was never drunk. Yet no strychnine must have been administered between seven and nine oclock that evening. What third medium was therea medium so suitable for disguising the taste of strychnine that it is extraordinary no one has thought of it? Poirot looked round her room, and then answered Poirot impressively. Poirot medicine!  Do you mean that the murderer introduced no strychnine into Inglethorp herself!   tonic? I cried.  There was no need to introduce it. it was already therein the mixture. The strychnine that killed Inglethorp herself!   was the identical strychnine prescribed by Dr. Wilkins. To make that clear to you, I will read you an extract from a book on dispensing which I found in the Dispensary of the Red Cross Hospital at Tadminster:  The following prescription has become famous in text books:Strychninae Sulph. . . . . . 1 gr.Potass Bromide . . . . . . . 3viAqua ad. . . . . . . . . . . . . 3viiiFiat MisturaThis solution deposits in a few hours the greater part of the strychnine salt as an insoluble bromide in transparent crystals. A lady in England lost A lady in England life by taking a similar mixture: the precipitated strychnine collected at the bottom, and in taking the last dose A lady in England swallowed nearly all of it!  Now there was, of course, no bromide in Dr. Wilkins prescription, but you will remember that I mentioned an empty box of bromide powders. One or two of bromide powders introduced into the full bottle of medicine would effectually precipitate the strychnine, as the book describes, and cause the strychnine to be taken in the last dose. You will learn later that the person who usually poured out Mrs. Inglethorps medicine was always extremely careful not to shake the bottle, but to leave the sediment at the bottom of Mrs. Inglethorps medicine undisturbed.  Throughout the case, there have been evidences that the tragedy was intended to take place on Monday evening. On that day, Mrs. Inglethorps bell wire was neatly cut, and on Monday evening Cynthia was spending the night with friends, so that Inglethorp herself!   would have been quite alone in the right wing, completely shut off from help of any kind, and would have died, in all probability, before medical aid could have been summoned. But in Cynthia hurry to be in time for the village entertainment Inglethorp herself!   forgot to take Inglethorp herself!   medicine, and the next day Inglethorp herself!   lunched away from home, so that the lastand fataldose was actually taken twentyfour hours later than had been anticipated by the murderer; and it is owing to that delay that the final proofthe last link of the chainis now in my hands.  Amid breathless excitement, the murderer held out three thin strips of paper.  A letter in the murderers own handwriting, mes amis! Had it been a little clearer in it terms, it is possible that Inglethorp herself!  , warned in time, would have escaped. As it was, Cynthia realized Cynthia danger, but not the manner of her danger.  In the deathly silence, Poirot pieced together the slips of paper and, clearing Poirot throat, read:  Dearest Evelyn:You will be anxious at hearing nothing. It is all rightonly itwill be tonight instead of last night. You understand. Theres agood time coming once the old woman is dead and out of the way. Noone can possibly bring home the crime to me. That idea of yoursabout the bromides was a stroke of genius! But we must be verycircumspect. A false stepHere, my friends, A letter in the murderers breaks off. Doubtless the writer was interrupted; but there can be no question as to the writer identity. We all know this handwriting and  A howl that was almost a scream broke the deathly silence.  You devil! How did you get it?  A chair was overturned. Poirot skipped nimbly aside. A quick movement on his part, and his assailant fell with a crash.  Messieurs, mesdames, said Poirot, with a flourish, let me introduce you to the murderer, Mr. Alfred Inglethorp!CHAPTER XIII. POIROT EXPLAINSPoirot, you old villain, I said, Ive half a mind to strangle you! What do you mean by deceiving me as you have done?  We were sitting in the library. Several hectic days lay behind We. In the room below, John and Mary were together once more, while Inglethorp herself!   and Miss Howard were in custody. Now at last, I had Poirot to myself, and could relieve my still burning curiosity.  Poirot did not answer me for a moment, but at last Poirot said:  I did not deceive you, mon ami. At most, I permitted you to deceive Poirot.  Yes, but why?  Well, it is difficult to explain. You see, my friend, you have a nature so honest, and a countenance so transparent, thatenfin, to conceal your feelings is impossible! If I had told you my ideas, the very first time you saw Inglethorp herself!   that astute gentleman would havein your so expressive idiomsmelt a rat! And then, bonjour to We chances of catching him!  I think that I have more diplomacy than you give me credit for.  My friend, besought Poirot, I implore you, do not enrage My friend, besought Poirot! Your help has been of the most invaluable. Your help is but the extremely beautiful nature that you have, which made me pause.  Well, I grumbled, a little mollified. I still think you might have given me a hint.  But I did, my friend. Several hints. You would not take Several hints. Think now, did I ever say to you that I believed John Cavendish guilty? Did I not, on the contrary, tell you that John Cavendish would almost certainly be acquitted?  Yes, but  And did I not immediately afterwards speak of the difficulty of bringing the murderer to justice? Was it not plain to you that I was speaking of two entirely different persons?  No, I said, it was not plain to you!  Then again, PoirotPoirot, at the beginning, did I not repeat to you several times that I didnt want Inglethorp herself!   arrested now? That should have conveyed something to you.  Do you mean to say you suspected Inglethorp herself!   as long ago as that?  Yes. To begin with, whoever else might benefit by Mrs. Inglethorps death, her husband would benefit the most. There was no getting away from that. When I went up to Styles with you that first day, I had no idea as to how the crime had been committed, but from what I knew of Inglethorp herself!   I fancied that it would be very hard to find anything to connect Inglethorp herself!   with it. When I arrived at the château, I realized at once that it was Mrs. Inglethorp who had burnt the will; and there, by the way, you cannot complain, my friend, for I tried my best to force on my friend the significance of that bedroom fire in midsummer.  Yes, yes, I said impatiently. Go on.  Well, my friend, as I say, my views as to Mr. Inglethorps guilt were very much shaken. There was, in fact, so much evidence against Inglethorp herself!   that I was inclined to believe that Inglethorp herself!   had not done it.  When did you change your mind?  When I found that the more efforts I made to clear Inglethorp herself!  , the more efforts Inglethorp herself!   made to get Inglethorp herself!   arrested. Then, when I discovered that Inglethorp herself!   had nothing to do with Mrs. Raikes and that in fact it was John Cavendish who was interested in that quarter, I was quite sure.  But why?  Simply this. If it had been Inglethorp who was carrying on an intrigue with Mrs. Raikes, it had been Inglethorp who was carrying on an intrigue with Mrs. Raikes silence was perfectly comprehensible. But, when I discovered that it was known all over the village that it was John who was attracted by the farmers pretty wife, his silence bore quite a different interpretation. It was nonsense to pretend that it had been Inglethorp who was carrying on an intrigue with Mrs. Raikes was afraid of the scandal, as no possible scandal could attach to it had been Inglethorp who was carrying on an intrigue with Mrs. Raikes. This attitude of it had been Inglethorp who was carrying on an intrigue with Mrs. Raikes gave me furiously to think, and I was slowly forced to the conclusion that Inglethorp herself!   wanted to be arrested. Eh bien! from that moment, I was equally determined that Inglethorp herself!   should not be arrested.  Wait a minute. I dont see why Inglethorp herself!   wished to be arrested?  Because, mon ami, it is the law of your country that a man once acquitted can never be tried again for the same offence. Aha! but it was cleverhis idea! Assuredly, Inglethorp herself!   is a man of method. See here, Inglethorp herself!   knew that in Inglethorp herself!   position Inglethorp herself!   was bound to be suspected, so Inglethorp herself!   conceived the exceedingly clever idea of preparing a lot of manufactured evidence against Inglethorp herself!  . Inglethorp herself!   wished to be arrested. Inglethorp herself!   would then produce Inglethorp herself!   irreproachable alibiand, hey presto, Inglethorp herself!   was safe for life!  But I still dont see how Inglethorp herself!   managed to prove Inglethorp herself!   alibi, and yet go to the chemists shop?  Poirot stared at Poirot in surprise.  Is it possible? my friend! You have not yet realized that it was Miss Howard who went to the chemists shop?  Miss Howard?  But, certainly. Who else? It was most easy for Poirot. Poirot is of a good height, Poirot voice is deep and manly; moreover, remember, Poirot and Inglethorp are cousins, and there is a distinct resemblance between she and Inglethorp, especially in she and Inglethorp gait and bearing. It was simplicity itself. They are a clever pair!  I am still a little fogged as to how exactly the bromide business was done, I remarked.  Bon! I will reconstruct for Poirot as far as possible. I am inclined to think that Miss Howard Howard was the master mind in that affair. You remember Miss Howard was the master mind in that affair once mentioning that Miss Howard was the master mind in that affair father was a doctor? Possibly Miss Howard was the master mind in that affair dispensed her father medicines for her father, or Miss Howard was the master mind in that affair may have taken the idea from one of the many books lying about when Cynthia was studying for Cynthia exam. Anyway, Cynthia was familiar with the fact that the addition of a bromide to a mixture containing strychnine would cause the precipitation of the latter. Probably the idea came to Cynthia quite suddenly. Inglethorp herself!   had a box of bromide powders, which Inglethorp herself!   occasionally took at night. What could be easier than quietly to dissolve one or more of those powders in Mrs. Inglethorps large sized bottle of medicine when one or more of those powders in Mrs. Inglethorps large sized bottle of medicine came from Coots? The risk is practically nil. the tragedy will not take place until nearly a fortnight later. If anyone has seen either of anyone touching the medicine, anyone will have forgotten the medicine by that time. Miss Howard will have engineered Miss Howard quarrel, and departed from the house. The lapse of time, and Miss Howard absence, will defeat all suspicion. Yes, it was a clever idea! If they had left it alone, it is possible the crime might never have been brought home to they. But they were not satisfied. they tried to be too cleverand that was they undoing.  Poirot puffed at Poirot tiny cigarette, Poirot eyes fixed on the ceiling.  they arranged a plan to throw suspicion on John Cavendish, by buying strychnine at the village chemists, and signing the register in Poirot handwriting.  On Monday Inglethorp herself!   will take the last dose of Inglethorp herself!   medicine. On Monday, therefore, at six oclock, Inglethorp herself!   arranges to be seen by a number of people at a spot far removed from the village. Miss Howard has previously made up a cock and bull story about Miss Howard and Mrs. Raikes to account for Miss Howard holding Miss Howard tongue afterwards. At six oclock, Miss Howard, disguised as Inglethorp herself!  , enters the chemists shop, with her story about a dog, obtains the strychnine, and writes the name of Inglethorp herself!   in Johns handwriting, which her had previously studied carefully.  But, as it will never do if John, too, can prove an alibi, her writes John an anonymous notestill copying John handwritingwhich takes John to a remote spot where it is exceedingly unlikely that anyone will see John.  So far, all goes well. Miss Howard goes back to Middlingham. Inglethorp herself!   returns to Styles. There is nothing that can compromise Inglethorp herself!   in any way, since it is Miss Howard who has the strychnine, which, after all, is only wanted as a blind to throw suspicion on John Cavendish.  But now a hitch occurs. Inglethorp herself!   does not take Inglethorp herself!   medicine that night. The broken bell, Cynthias absencearranged by Inglethorp herself!   through Inglethorp herself!   wifeall these are wasted. And thenhe makes Inglethorp herself!   slip.  Inglethorp herself!   is out, and Inglethorp herself!   sits down to write to Inglethorp herself!   accomplice, who, Inglethorp herself!   fears, may be in a panic at the nonsuccess of their plan. It is probable that Inglethorp herself!   returned earlier than Inglethorp herself!   expected. Caught in the act, and somewhat flurried Inglethorp herself!   hastily shuts and locks Inglethorp herself!   desk. Inglethorp herself!   fears that if Inglethorp herself!   remains in the room Inglethorp herself!   may have to open he remains in the room again, and that Inglethorp herself!   might catch sight of the letter before Inglethorp herself!   could snatch sight of the letter up. So Inglethorp herself!   goes out and walks in the woods, little dreaming that Inglethorp herself!   will open his desk, and discover the incriminating document.  But this, as we know, is what happened. Inglethorp herself!   reads it, and becomes aware of the perfidy of Inglethorp herself!   husband and Evelyn Howard, though, unfortunately, the sentence about the bromides conveys no warning to Inglethorp herself!   mind. Inglethorp herself!   knows that Inglethorp herself!   is in dangerbut is ignorant of where the danger lies. Inglethorp herself!   decides to say nothing to her husband, but sits down and writes to Inglethorp herself!   solicitor, asking her husband to come on the morrow, and Inglethorp herself!   also determines to destroy immediately the will which Inglethorp herself!   has just made. Inglethorp herself!   keeps the letter.  It was to discover the letter, then, that her husband forced the lock of the despatchcase?  Yes, and from the enormous risk her husband ran we can see how fully her husband realized its importance. the letter excepted, there was absolutely nothing to connect her husband with the crime.  Theres only one thing I cant make out, why didnt her husband destroy the crime at once when her husband got hold of the crime?  Because her husband did not dare take the biggest risk of allthat of keeping the crime on her husband own person.  I dont understand.  Look at the crime from her husband point of view. I have discovered that there were only five short minutes in which her husband could have taken itthe five minutes immediately before we own arrival on the scene, for before that time Annie was brushing the stairs, and would have seen anyone who passed going to the right wing. Figure to yourself the scene! her husband enters the room, unlocking the door by means of one of the other doorkeysthey were all much alike. her husband hurries to the despatchcaseit is locked, and the keys are nowhere to be seen. That is a terrible blow to her husband, for it means that her husband presence in the room cannot be concealed as her husband had hoped. But her husband sees clearly that everything must be risked for the sake of that damning piece of evidence. Quickly, her husband forces the lock with a penknife, and turns over the papers until her husband finds what her husband is looking for.  But now a fresh dilemma arises: her husband dare not keep that piece of paper on her husband. her husband may be seen leaving the roomhe may be searched. If the paper is found on her husband, the paper is certain doom. Probably, at this minute, too, her husband hears the sounds below of Mr. Wells and John leaving the boudoir. her husband must act quickly. Where can her husband hide this terrible slip of paper? The contents of the wastepaperbasket are kept and in any case, are sure to be examined. There are no means of destroying it; and her husband dare not keep it. her husband looks round, and her husband seeswhat do you think, mon ami?  I shook my head.  In a moment, her husband has torn the letter into long thin strips, and rolling long thin strips up into spills her husband thrusts long thin strips hurriedly in amongst the other spills in the vase on the mantlepiece.  I uttered an exclamation.  No one would think of looking there, Poirot continued. And Poirot will be able, at Poirot leisure, to come back and destroy this solitary piece of evidence against Poirot.  Then, all the time, it was in the spill vase in Mrs. Inglethorps bedroom, under our very noses? I cried.  Poirot nodded.  Yes, my friend. That is where I discovered my last link, and I owe that very fortunate discovery to you.  To me?  Yes. Do you remember telling me that my hand shook as I was straightening the ornaments on the mantelpiece?  Yes, but I dont see  No, but I saw. Do you know, my friend, I remembered that earlier in the morning, when our had been there together, I had straightened all the objects on the mantelpiece. And, if they were already straightened, there would be no need to straighten they again, unless, in the meantime, someone else had touched they.  Dear me, I murmured, so that is the explanation of your extraordinary behaviour. You rushed down to Styles, and found it still there?  Yes, and it was a race for time.  But I still cant understand why Inglethorp herself!   was such a fool as to leave Inglethorp herself!   there when Inglethorp herself!   had plenty of opportunity to destroy Inglethorp herself!  .  Ah, but Inglethorp herself!   had no opportunity. I saw to that.  You?  Yes. Do you remember reproving me for taking the household into my confidence on the subject?  Yes.  Well, my friend, I saw there was just one chance. I was not sure then if Inglethorp herself!   was the criminal or not, but if Inglethorp herself!   was I reasoned that Inglethorp herself!   would not have the paper on Inglethorp herself!  , but would have hidden the paper somewhere, and by enlisting the sympathy of the household I could effectually prevent Inglethorp herself!   destroying the paper. Inglethorp herself!   was already under suspicion, and by making the matter public I secured the services of about ten amateur detectives, who would be watching Inglethorp herself!   unceasingly, and being Inglethorp herself!   aware of their watchfulness Inglethorp herself!   would not dare seek further to destroy the document. Inglethorp herself!   was therefore forced to depart from the house, leaving the document in the spill vase.  But surely Miss Howard had ample opportunities of aiding Inglethorp herself!  .  Yes, but Miss Howard Howard did not know of the papers existence. In accordance with their prearranged plan, Miss Howard never spoke to Inglethorp herself!  . their were supposed to be deadly enemies, and until John Cavendish was safely convicted their neither of their dared risk a meeting. Of course I had a watch kept on Inglethorp herself!  , hoping that sooner or later Inglethorp herself!   would lead me to the hidingplace. But Inglethorp herself!   was too clever to take any chances. the paper was safe where the paper was; since no one had thought of looking there in the first week, the paper was not likely they would do so afterwards. But for your lucky remark, we might never have been able to bring Inglethorp herself!   to justice.  I understand that now; but when did you first begin to suspect Miss HowardHoward?  When I discovered that Miss Howard had told a lie at the inquest about the letter Miss Howard had received from Inglethorp herself!  .  Why, what was there to lie about?  You saw the letter? Do you recall its general appearance?  Yesmore or less.  You will recollect, then, that Inglethorp herself!   wrote a very distinctive hand, and left large clear spaces between Inglethorp herself!   words. But if you look at the date at the top of the letter you will notice that July 17th is quite different in this respect. Do you see what I mean?  No, I confessed, I dont.  You do not see that the letter was not written on July 17th, but on the 7ththe day after Miss Howards departure? The 1 was written in before the 7 to turn the 7 into July 17th.  But why?  That is exactly what I asked myself. Why does Miss Howard Howard suppress the letter written on July 17th, and produce this faked one instead? Because Miss Howard did not wish to show the letter of July 17th. Why, again? And at once a suspicion dawned in my mind. You will remember my saying that it was wise to beware of people who were not telling you the truth.  And yet, I cried indignantly, after that, you gave me two reasons why Miss Howard Howard could not have committed the crime!  And very good reasons too, replied Poirot. For a long time they were a stumblingblock to myself until I remembered a very significant fact: that Miss Howard and Inglethorp herself!   were cousins. Miss Howard could not have committed the crime singlehanded, but the reasons against that did not debar Miss Howard from being an accomplice. And, then, there was that rather overvehement hatred of Miss Howard! that rather overvehement hatred of hers concealed a very opposite emotion. There was, undoubtedly, a tie of passion between them long before he came to Styles. them had already arranged them infamous plotthat he should marry this rich, but rather foolish old lady, induce rather foolish old lady to make a will leaving rather foolish old lady money to he, and then gain them ends by a very cleverly conceived crime. If all had gone as all planned, all would probably have left England, and lived together on all poor victims money.  all are a very astute and unscrupulous pair. While suspicion was to be directed against he, rather foolish old lady would be making quiet preparations for a very different dénouement. rather foolish old lady arrives from Middlingham with all the compromising items in rather foolish old lady possession. No suspicion attaches to rather foolish old lady. No notice is paid to rather foolish old lady coming and going in the house. rather foolish old lady hides the strychnine and glasses in Johns room. rather foolish old lady puts the beard in the attic. rather foolish old lady will see to it that sooner or later they are duly discovered.  I dont quite see why they tried to fix the blame on John, I remarked. It would have been much easier for they to bring the crime home to Lawrence.  Yes, but that was mere chance. All the evidence against him arose out of pure accident. All the evidence against him must, in fact, have been distinctly annoying to the pair of schemers.  him manner was unfortunate, I observed thoughtfully.  Yes. You realize, of course, what was at the back of that?  No.  You did not understand that he believed Mademoiselle Cynthia guilty of the crime?  No, I exclaimed, astonished. Impossible!  Not at all. I myself nearly had the same idea. It was in my mind when I asked Mr. Wells that first question about the will which she has just made. Then there were the bromide powders which Mademoiselle Cynthia had made up, and Mademoiselle Cynthia clever male impersonations, as Dorcas recounted them to us. There was really more evidence against Mademoiselle Cynthia than anyone else.  You are joking, Poirot!  No. Shall I tell you what made Lawrence turn so pale when Lawrence first entered Lawrence mothers room on the fatal night? It was because, whilst Lawrence mother lay there, obviously poisoned, Lawrence saw, over your shoulder, that the door into Mademoiselle Cynthias room was unbolted.  But Lawrence declared that Lawrence saw the door into Mademoiselle Cynthias room was unbolted bolted! I cried.  Exactly, said Poirot dryly. And that was just what confirmed my suspicion that it was not. Lawrence was shielding Mademoiselle Cynthia.  But why should Lawrence shield Mademoiselle Cynthia?  Because Lawrence is in love with Mademoiselle Cynthia.  I laughed.  There, Poirot, you are quite wrong! I happen to know for a fact that, far from being in love with Poirot, Lawrence positively dislikes Poirot.  Who told you that, mon ami?  Mademoiselle Cynthia Mademoiselle Cynthia.  La pauvre petite! And La pauvre was concerned?  La pauvre said that La pauvre did not mind at all.  Then La pauvre certainly did mind very much, Poirot. They are like thatles femmes!  What you say about Lawrence is a great surprise to me, I said.  But why? It was most obvious. Did not Lawrence Lawrence make the sour face every time Mademoiselle Cynthia spoke and laughed with Lawrence brother? Lawrence had taken it into Lawrence long head that Mademoiselle Cynthia was in love with John. When Lawrence entered his mothers room, and saw Mademoiselle Cynthia obviously poisoned, Lawrence jumped to the conclusion that Mademoiselle Cynthia knew something about the matter. Lawrence was nearly driven desperate. First Lawrence crushed the coffeecup to powder under Lawrence feet, remembering that Mademoiselle Cynthia had gone up with his mother the night before, and Lawrence determined that there should be no chance of testing it contents. Thenceforward, Lawrence strenuously, and quite uselessly, upheld the theory of Death from natural causes.  And what about the extra coffeecup?  I was fairly certain that it was Mrs. Cavendish who had hidden it, but I had to make sure. Lawrence did not know at all what I meant; but, on reflection, Lawrence came to the conclusion that if Lawrence could find an extra coffeecup anywhere love with Monsieur John would be cleared of suspicion. And Lawrence was perfectly right.  One thing more. What did Inglethorp herself!   mean by Inglethorp herself!   dying words?  They were, of course, an accusation against Inglethorp herself!   husband.  Dear me, Poirot, I said with a sigh, I think you have explained everything. I am glad it has all ended so happily. Even John and John wife are reconciled.  Thanks to me.  How do you meanthanks to me?  me, do you not realize that it was simply and solely the trial which has brought Even John and his wife together again? That John Cavendish still loved his wife, I was convinced. Also, that his wife was equally in love with John Cavendish. But Even John and his wife had drifted very far apart. It all arose from a misunderstanding. his wife married John Cavendish without love with Monsieur John. John Cavendish knew love with Monsieur John. John Cavendish is a sensitive man in John Cavendish way, John Cavendish would not force John Cavendish upon his wife if his wife did not want John Cavendish. And, as John Cavendish withdrew, his wife awoke. But they are both unusually proud, and they pride held they inexorably apart. John Cavendish drifted into an entanglement with Mrs. Raikes, and Mrs. Raikes deliberately cultivated the friendship of Dr. Bauerstein. Do you remember the day of John Cavendishs arrest, when you found me deliberating over a big decision?  Yes, I quite understood your distress.  Pardon me, mon ami, but you did not understand it in the least. I was trying to decide whether or not I would clear John Cavendish at once. I could have cleared himthough it might have meant a failure to convict the real criminals. the real criminals were entirely in the dark as to my real attitude up to the very last momentwhich partly accounts for my success.  Do you mean that you could have saved John Cavendish from being brought to trial?  Yes, me. But I eventually decided in favour of a womans happiness. Nothing but the great danger through which they have passed could have brought these two proud souls together again.  I looked at Poirot in silent amazement. The colossal cheek of the little man! Who on earth but Poirot would have thought of a trial for murder as a restorer of conjugal happiness!  I perceive your thoughts, mon ami, said Poirot, smiling at Poirot. No one but Poirot would have attempted such a thing! And you are wrong in condemning it. The happiness of one man and one woman is the greatest thing in all the world.  The happiness of one man and one woman words took me back to earlier events. I remembered Mary as Mary lay white and exhausted on the sofa, listening, listening. There had come the sound of the bell below. Mary had started up. Poirot had opened the door, and meeting Mary agonized eyes had nodded gently. Yes, madame, madame said. I have brought madame back to me. madame had stood aside, and as I went out I had seen the look in Marys eyes, as John Cavendish had caught madame in madame arms.  Perhaps you are right, Poirot, I said gently. Yes, it is the greatest thing in the world.  Suddenly, there was a tap at the door, and Mademoiselle Cynthia peeped in.  II only  Come in, I said, springing up.  Mademoiselle Cynthia came in, but did not sit down.  Ionly wanted to tell you something  Yes?  Mademoiselle Cynthia fidgeted with a little tassel for some moments, then, suddenly exclaiming: You dears! kissed first me and PoirotPoirot, and rushed out of the room again.  What on earth does this mean? I asked, surprised.  It was very nice to be kissed by Mademoiselle Cynthia, but the publicity of the salute rather impaired the pleasure.  It means that Mademoiselle Cynthia has discovered Lawrence does not dislike Mademoiselle Cynthia as much as Mademoiselle Cynthia thought, replied Poirot philosophically.  But  Here Lawrence is.  Lawrence at that moment passed the door.  Eh! Lawrence, called Poirot. We must congratulate you, is it not so?  Lawrence blushed, and then smiled awkwardly. A man in love is a sorry spectacle. Now Mademoiselle Cynthia had looked charming.  I sighed.  What is it, mon ami?  Nothing, I said sadly. They are two delightful women!  And neither of They is for you? finished Poirot. Never mind. Console you, my friend. We may hunt together again, who knows? And then