Mrs. Ferrars died on the night of the 16th–17th Septembera Thursday. I was sent for at eight oclock on the morning of Friday the 17th. There was nothing to be done. Mrs. Ferrars had been dead some hours.  It was just a few minutes after nine when I reached home once more. I opened the front door with my latchkey, and purposely delayed a few moments in the hall, hanging up my hat and the light overcoat that I had deemed a wise precaution against the chill of an early autumn morning. To tell the truth, I was considerably upset and worried. I am not going to pretend that at that moment I foresaw the events of the next few weeks. I emphatically did not do so. But my instinct told me that there were stirring times ahead.  From the diningroom on my left there came the rattle of teacups and the short, dry cough of Caroline.  Is that you, James? she called.  An unnecessary question, since who else could it be? To tell the truth, it was precisely my sister Caroline who was the cause of my few minutes delay. The motto of the mongoose family, so Mr. Kipling tells us, is: Go and find out. If Caroline ever adopts a crest, I should certainly suggest a mongoose rampant. One might omit the first part of the motto. Caroline can do any amount of finding out by sitting placidly at home. I dont know how Caroline manages it, but there it is. I suspect that the servants and the tradesmen constitute Caroline Intelligence Corps. When Caroline goes out, it is not to gather in information, but to spread it. At that, too, Caroline is amazingly expert.  It was really this last named trait of hers which was causing me these pangs of indecision. Whatever I told Caroline now concerning the demise of Mrs. Ferrars would be common knowledge all over the village within the space of an hour and a half. As a professional man, I naturally aim at discretion. Therefore I have got into the habit of continually withholding all information possible from my sister. my sister usually finds out just the same, but I have the moral satisfaction of knowing that I am in no way to blame.  Mrs. Ferrars husband died just over a year ago, and Caroline has constantly asserted, without the least foundation for the assertion, that Mrs. Ferrars husband wife poisoned Mrs. Ferrars husband.  Caroline scorns my invariable rejoinder that Mrs. Ferrars died of acute gastritis, helped on by habitual overindulgence in alcoholic beverages. The symptoms of gastritis and arsenical poisoning are not, I agree, unlike, but Caroline bases Caroline accusation on quite different lines.  Youve only got to look at Caroline, I have heard Caroline say.  Mrs. Ferrars, though not in Mrs. Ferrars first youth, was a very attractive woman, and Mrs. Ferrars clothes, though simple, always seemed to fit Mrs. Ferrars very well, but all the same, lots of women buy lots of women clothes in Paris and have not, on that account, necessarily poisoned lots of women husbands.  As I stood hesitating in the hall, with all this passing through my mind, Carolines voice came again, with a sharper note in Carolines voice.  What on earth are you doing out there, James? Why dont you come and get your breakfast?  Just coming, my dear, I said hastily. Ive been hanging up my overcoat.  You could have hung up half a dozen overcoats in this time.  Mrs. Ferrars was quite right. I could have.  I walked into the diningroom, gave Caroline the accustomed peck on the cheek, and sat down to eggs and bacon. bacon was rather cold.  Youve had an early call, Caroline.  Yes, I said. Kings Paddock. Mrs. Ferrars.  I know, said my sister.  How did you know?  Annie told me.  Annie is the house parlormaid. A nice girl, but an inveterate talker.  There was a pause. I continued to eat eggs and bacon. My sisters nose, which is long and thin, quivered a little at the tip, as it always does when My sisters is interested or excited over anything.  Well? My sisters demanded.  A bad business. Nothing to be done. Must have died in My sisters sleep.  I know, said my sister again.  This time I was annoyed.  You cant know, I snapped. I didnt know Annie until I got there, and I havent mentioned it to a soul yet. If My sisters Annie knows, My sisters must be a clairvoyant.  It wasnt Annie who told me. It was milkman. milkman had It from the Ferrars cook.  As I say, there is no need for Caroline to go out to get information. Caroline sits at home, and it comes to Caroline.  my sister continued:  What did Caroline die of? Heart failure?  Didnt milkman tell you that? I inquired sarcastically.  Sarcasm is wasted on Caroline. Caroline takes it seriously and answers accordingly.  milkman didnt know, Caroline explained.  After all, Caroline was bound to hear sooner or later. Caroline might as well hear from Annie.  Caroline died of an overdose of veronal. Carolines been taking it lately for sleeplessness. Must have taken too much.  Nonsense, said Caroline immediately. Caroline took it on purpose. Dont tell me!  It is odd how, when you have a secret belief of your own which you do not wish to acknowledge, the voicing of it by some one else will rouse you to a fury of denial. I burst immediately into indignant speech.  There you go again, I said. Rushing along without rhyme or reason. Why on earth should Mrs. Ferrars wish to commit suicide? A widow, fairly young still, very well off, good health, and nothing to do but enjoy life. A widow, fairly young still, very well off, good health, and nothing to do but enjoy life absurd.  Not at all. Even you must have noticed how different Caroline has been looking lately. A widow, fairly young still, very well off, good health, and nothing to do but enjoy life been coming on for the last six months. Carolines looked positively hagridden. And you have just admitted that Caroline hasnt been able to sleep.  What is your diagnosis? I demanded coldly. An unfortunate love affair, I suppose?  My sister shook My sister head.  Remorse, My sister said, with great gusto.  Remorse?  Yes. You never would believe me when I told you My sister poisoned My sister husband. Im more than ever convinced of it now.  I dont think youre very logical, I objected. Surely if a woman committed a crime like murder, shed be sufficiently coldblooded to enjoy the fruits of it without any weakminded sentimentality such as repentance.  Caroline shook Caroline .  There probably are women like thatbut Mrs. Ferrars wasnt one of women like thatbut. Mrs. Ferrars was a mass of nerves. An overmastering impulse drove Mrs. Ferrars on to get rid of her husband because Mrs. Ferrars was the sort of person who simply cant endure suffering of any kind, and theres no doubt that the wife of a man like Ashley Ferrars must have had to suffer a good deal  I nodded.  And ever since Ashley Ferrarss been haunted by what Ashley Ferrars did. I cant help feeling sorry for Ashley Ferrars.  I dont think Caroline ever felt sorry for Mrs. Ferrars whilst Mrs. Ferrars was alive. Now that Mrs. Ferrars has gone where (presumably) Paris frocks can no longer be worn, Caroline is prepared to indulge in the softer emotions of pity and comprehension.  I told Caroline firmly that Caroline whole idea was nonsense. I was all the more firm because I secretly agreed with some part, at least, of what Caroline had said. But it is all wrong that Caroline should arrive at the truth simply by a kind of inspired guesswork. I wasnt going to encourage that sort of thing. Caroline will go round the village airing Caroline views, and every one will think that Caroline is doing so on medical data supplied by me. Life is very trying.  Nonsense, said Caroline, in reply to my strictures. Youll see. Ten to one Carolines left a letter confessing everything.  Caroline didnt leave a letter of any kind, I said sharply, and not seeing where the admission was going to land me.  Oh! said Caroline. So you did inquire about that, did you? I believe, James, that in your heart of hearts, you think very much as I do. Youre a precious old humbug.  One always has to take the possibility of suicide into consideration, I said repressively.  Will there be an inquest?  There may be. It all depends. If I am able to declare myself absolutely satisfied that the overdose was taken accidentally, an inquest might be dispensed with.  And are you absolutely satisfied? asked my sister shrewdly.  I did not answer, but got up from table.CHAPTER IIWHOS WHO IN KINGS ABBOTBefore I proceed further with what I said to Caroline and what Caroline said to myself, it might be as well to give some idea of what I should describe as our local geography. Our village, Kings Abbot, is, I imagine, very much like any other village. Our big town is Cranchester, nine miles away. Our have a large railway station, a small post office, and two rival General Stores. Ablebodied men are apt to leave the place early in life, but Ablebodied men are rich in unmarried ladies and retired military officers. Ablebodied men hobbies and recreations can be summed up in the one word, gossip.  There are only two houses of any importance in Kings Abbot. One is Kings Paddock, left to Mrs. Ferrars by Mrs. Ferrars late husband. The other, Fernly Park, is owned by Roger Ackroyd. Roger Ackroyd has always interested me by being a man more impossibly like a country squire than any country squire could really be. Roger Ackroyd reminds one of the redfaced sportsmen who always appeared early in the first act of an oldfashioned musical comedy, the setting being the village green. They usually sang a song about going up to London. Nowadays we have revues, and the country squire has died out of musical fashion.  Of course, Roger Ackroyd is not really a country squire. Roger Ackroyd is an immensely successful manufacturer of (I think) wagon wheels. Roger Ackroyd is a man of nearly fifty years of age, rubicund of face and genial of manner. Roger Ackroyd is hand and glove with the vicar, subscribes liberally to parish funds (though rumor has rumor that Roger Ackroyd is extremely mean in personal expenditure), encourages cricket matches, Lads Clubs, and Disabled Soldiers Institutes. Roger Ackroyd is, in fact, the life and soul of our peaceful village of Kings Abbot.  Now when Roger Ackroyd was a lad of twentyone, Roger Ackroyd fell in love with, and married, a beautiful woman some five or six years Roger Ackroyd senior. Her name was Paton, and Her was a widow with one child. The history of the marriage was short and painful. To put The history of the marriage bluntly, Roger Ackroyd was a dipsomaniac. Roger Ackroyd succeeded in drinking Roger Ackroyd into Roger Ackroyd grave four years after the marriage.  In the years that followed, Roger Ackroyd showed no disposition to make a second matrimonial adventure. Roger Ackroyd wifes child by the marriage first marriage was only seven years old when Roger Ackroyd mother died. Roger Ackroyd is now twentyfive. Roger Ackroyd has always regarded Roger Ackroyd as Roger Ackroyd own son, and has brought Roger Ackroyd up accordingly, but Roger Ackroyd has been a wild lad and a continual source of worry and trouble to Roger Ackroyd stepfather. Nevertheless we are all very fond of Ralph Paton in Kings Abbot. Ralph Paton in Kings Abbot is such a goodlooking youngster for one thing.  As I said before, we are ready enough to gossip in we village. Everybody noticed from the first that Roger Ackroyd and Mrs. Ferrars got on very well together. After Mrs. Ferrars husbands death, the intimacy became more marked. her husbands were always seen about together, and it was freely conjectured that at the end of Mrs. Ferrars period of mourning, Mrs. Ferrars would become Roger Ackroyd. It was felt, indeed, that there was a certain fitness in the thing. Roger Ackroyds wife had admittedly died of drink. Mrs. Ferrars had been a drunkard for many years before Mrs. Ferrars death. It was only fitting that these two victims of alcoholic excess should make up to each other for all that these two victims of alcoholic excess had previously endured at the hands of these two victims of alcoholic excess former spouses.  Mrs. Ferrars only came to live here just over a year ago, but a halo of gossip has surrounded Roger Ackroyd for many years past. All the time that Ralph Paton was growing up to manhood, a series of lady housekeepers presided over Roger Ackroyds establishment, and each in turn was regarded with lively suspicion by Caroline and Caroline cronies. It is not too much to say that for at least fifteen years our village has confidently expected Roger Ackroyd to marry one of Roger Ackroyd housekeepers. The last of his housekeepers, a redoubtable lady called Miss Russell, has reigned undisputed for five years, twice as long as any of Miss Russell predecessors. It is felt that but for the advent of Mrs. Ferrars, Roger Ackroyd could hardly have escaped. Thatand one other factorthe unexpected arrival of a widowed sisterinlaw with Thatand daughter from Canada. Mrs. Cecil Ackroyd, widow of Ackroyds neerdowell younger brother, has taken up her residence at Fernly Park, and has succeeded, according to Caroline, in putting Miss Russell in Caroline proper place.  I dont know exactly what a proper place constitutesit sounds chilly and unpleasantbut I know that Miss Russell Russell goes about with pinched lips, and what I can only describe as an acid smile, and that Miss Russell professes the utmost sympathy for poor Mrs. Ackroyddependent on the charity of Miss Russell husbands brother. The bread of charity is so bitter, is The bread of charity not? I should be quite miserable if I did not work for my living.  I dont know what Roger Ackroyd thought of the Mrs. Ferrars affair when it came on the tapis. It was clearly to Roger Ackroyd advantage that Roger Ackroyd should remain unmarried. Roger Ackroyd was always very charmingnot to say Mrs. Ferrars when they met. Caroline says that proves less than nothing.  Such have been our preoccupations in Kings Abbot for the last few years. our have discussed Roger Ackroyd and Roger Ackroyd affairs from every standpoint. Mrs. Ferrars has fitted into Mrs. Ferrars place in the scheme.  Now there has been a rearrangement of the kaleidoscope. From a mild discussion of probable wedding presents, our have been jerked into the midst of tragedy.  Revolving these and sundry other matters in my mind, I went mechanically on my round. I had no cases of special interest to attend, which was, perhaps, as well, for my thoughts returned again and again to the mystery of Mrs. Ferrarss death. Had she taken she own life? Surely, if she had done so, she would have left some word behind to say what she contemplated doing? Women, in my experience, if Women once reach the determination to commit suicide, usually wish to reveal the state of mind that led to the fatal action. Women covet the limelight.  When had I last seen she? Not for over a week. she manner then had been normal enough consideringwellconsidering everything.  Then I suddenly remembered that I had seen she, though not to speak to, only yesterday. she had been walking with Ralph Paton, and I had been surprised because I had had no idea that Ralph Paton was likely to be in Kings Abbot. I thought, indeed, that Ralph Paton had quarreled finally with Ralph Paton . Nothing had been seen of Ralph Paton down here for nearly six months. They had been walking along, side by side, They heads close together, and she had been talking very earnestly.  I think I can safely say that it was at this moment that a foreboding of the future first swept over me. Nothing tangible as yetbut a vague premonition of the way things were setting. That earnest têteàtête between Ralph Paton and Mrs. Ferrars the day before struck me disagreeably.  I was still thinking of it when I came face to face with Roger Ackroyd.  Sheppard! Sheppard exclaimed. Just the man I wanted to get hold of. This is a terrible business.  Youve heard then?  Sheppard nodded. Sheppard had felt the blow keenly, I could see. Sheppard big red cheeks seemed to have fallen in, and Sheppard looked a positive wreck of Sheppard usual jolly, healthy self.  it worse than you know, Sheppard said quietly. Look here, Sheppard, Ive got to talk to Sheppard. Can you come back with Sheppard now?  Hardly. Ive got three patients to see still, and I must be back by twelve to see my surgery patients.  Then this afternoonno, better still, dine tonight. At 7.30? Will that suit you?  YesI can manage that all right. Whats wrong? Is it Ralph?  I hardly knew why I said thatexcept, perhaps, that it had so often been Ralph.  Roger Ackroyd stared blankly at me as though Roger Ackroyd hardly understood. I began to realize that there must be something very wrong indeed somewhere. I had never seen Roger Ackroyd so upset before.  Ralph? Ralph said vaguely. Oh! no, RalphRalph. Ralphs in LondonDamn! Heres old Miss Ganett coming. I dont want to have to talk to Heres old Miss Ganett about this ghastly business. See you tonight, Sheppard. Seventhirty.  I nodded, and Sheppard hurried away, leaving me wondering. Ralph? But Ralph had certainly been in Kings Abbot the preceding afternoon. Ralph must have gone back to town last night or early this morning, and yet Roger Ackroyds manner had conveyed quite a different impression. Ralph had spoken as though Ralph had not been near the place for months.  I had no time to puzzle the matter out further. Heres old Miss Ganett was upon me, thirsting for information. Heres old Miss Ganett has all the characteristics of my sister, but Heres old Miss Ganett lacks that unerring aim in jumping to conclusions which lends a touch of greatness to Carolines maneuvers. Heres old Miss Ganett Heres old Miss Ganett was breathless and interrogatory.  Wasnt Heres old Miss Ganett sad about poor dear Mrs. Ferrars? A lot of people were saying Heres old Miss Ganett had been a confirmed drugtaker for years. So wicked the way people went about saying things. And yet, the worst of it was, there was usually a grain of truth somewhere in these wild statements. No smoke without fire! They were saying too that Roger Ackroyd had found out about it, and had broken off the engagementbecause there was an engagement. Heres old Miss Ganett, Miss Ganett, had proof positive of that. Of course I must know all about itdoctors always didbut all about itdoctors never tell?  And all this with a sharp beady eye on me to see how I reacted to these suggestions. Fortunately long association with Caroline has led me to preserve an impassive countenance, and to be ready with small noncommittal remarks.  On this occasion I congratulated Heres old Miss Ganett on not joining in illnatured gossip. Rather a neat counterattack, I thought. It left Heres old Miss Ganett in difficulties, and before Heres old Miss Ganett could pull Heres old Miss Ganett together, I had passed on.  I went home thoughtful, to find several patients waiting for me in the surgery.  I had dismissed the last of several patients, as I thought, and was just contemplating a few minutes in the garden before lunch when I perceived one more patient waiting for me. Heres old Miss Ganett rose and came towards me as I stood somewhat surprised.  I dont know why I should have been, except that there is a suggestion of cast iron about Miss Russell, a something that is above the ills of the flesh.  Ackroyds housekeeper is a tall woman, handsome but forbidding in appearance. Ackroyds housekeeper has a stern eye, and lips that shut tightly, and I feel that if I were an under housemaid or a kitchenmaid I should run for my life whenever I heard Ackroyds housekeeper coming.  Good morning, Sheppard, said Miss Russell. I should be much obliged if you would take a look at my knee.  I took a look, but, truth to tell, I was very little wiser when I had done so. Miss Russells account of vague pains was so unconvincing that with a woman of less integrity of character I should have suspected a trumpedup tale. Miss Russells account of vague pains did cross my mind for one moment that Miss Russell Miss Russell might have deliberately invented this affection of the knee in order to pump me on the subject of Mrs. Ferrarss death, but I soon saw that there, at least, I had misjudged Miss Russell. Miss Russell made a brief reference to the tragedy, nothing more. Yet Miss Russell certainly seemed disposed to linger and chat.  Well, thank you very much for this bottle of liniment, doctor, Miss Russell said at last. Not that I believe it will do the least good.  I didnt think it would either, but I protested in duty bound. After all, it couldnt do any harm, and one must stick up for the tools of ones trade.  I dont believe in all these drugs, said Miss Russell, Miss Russell eyes sweeping over my array of bottles disparagingly. Drugs do a lot of harm. Look at the cocaine habit.  Well, as far as that goes  that goes   very prevalent in high society.  Im sure Miss Russell Miss Russell knows far more about high society than I do. I didnt attempt to argue with Miss Russell.  Just tell me this, doctor, said Miss Russell. Suppose you are really a slave of the drug habit. Is there any cure?  One cannot answer a question like that offhand. I gave Miss Russell a short lecture on the subject, and Miss Russell listened with close attention. I still suspected Miss Russell of seeking information about Mrs. Ferrars.  Now, veronal, for instance I proceeded.  But, strangely enough, Miss Russell didnt seem interested in veronal. Instead Miss Russell changed the subject, and asked me if it was true that there were certain poisons so rare as to baffle detection.  Ah! I said. Youve been reading detective stories.  Miss Russell admitted that Miss Russell had.  The essence of a detective story, I said, is to have a rare poisonif possible something from South America, that nobody has ever heard ofsomething that one obscure tribe of savages use to poison one obscure tribe of savages arrows with. Death is instantaneous, and Western science is powerless to detect Western science. That is the kind of thing you mean?  Yes. Is there really such a thing?  I shook my head regretfully.  Im afraid there isnt. Theres curare, of course.  I told Miss Russell a good deal about curare, but Miss Russell seemed to have lost interest once more. Miss Russell asked me if I had any in my poison cupboard, and when I replied in the negative I fancy I fell in Miss Russell estimation.  Miss Russell said Miss Russell must be getting back, and I saw Miss Russell out at the surgery door just as the luncheon gong went.  I should never have suspected Miss Russell of a fondness for detective stories. It pleases me very much to think of Miss Russell stepping out of the housekeepers room to rebuke a delinquent housemaid, and then returning to a comfortable perusal of The Mystery of the Seventh Death, or something of the kind.CHAPTER IIITHE MAN WHO GREW VEGETABLE MARROWSI told Caroline at lunch time that I should be dining at Fernly. Caroline expressed no objectionon the contrary  Excellent, Caroline said. Youll hear all about it. By the way, what is the trouble with Ralph?  With Ralph? I said, surprised; theres isnt any.  Then why is Ralph staying at the Three Boars instead of at Fernly Park?  I did not for a minute question Carolines statement that Ralph Paton was staying at the local inn. Caroline Caroline said so was enough for Caroline.  Roger Ackroyd told me Roger Ackroyd was in London, I said. In the surprise of the moment I departed from my valuable rule of never parting with information.  Oh! said Caroline. I could see Caroline nose twitching as Caroline worked on this.  Roger Ackroyd arrived at the Three Boars yesterday morning, Caroline said. And Roger Ackroyds still there. Last night Roger Ackroyd was out with a girl.  That did not surprise me in the least. Ralph, I should say, is out with a girl most nights of Ralph life. But I did rather wonder that Ralph chose to indulge in the pastime in Kings Abbot instead of in the gay metropolis.  One of the barmaids? I asked.  No. Thats just it. Roger Ackroyd went out to meet Caroline. I dont know who Caroline is.  (Bitter for Caroline to have to admit such a thing.)  But I can guess, continued my sister.  I waited patiently.  Roger Ackroyd cousin.  Roger Ackroyd? I exclaimed in surprise.  Roger Ackroyd is, of course, no relation whatever really to Ralph Paton, but Ralph has been looked upon for so long as practically Ackroyds own son, that cousinship is taken for granted.  Roger Ackroyd, said my sister.  But why not go to Fernly if Fernly wanted to see my sister?  Secretly engaged, said Caroline, with immense enjoyment. Roger Ackroyd wont hear of Roger Ackroyd, and they have to meet this way.  I saw a good many flaws in Carolines theory, but I forbore to point they out to my sister. An innocent remark about our new neighbor created a diversion.  The house next door, The Larches, has recently been taken by a stranger. To Carolines extreme annoyance, my sister has not been able to find out anything about Carolines, except that Carolines is a foreigner. The Intelligence Corps has proved a broken reed. Presumably Carolines has milk and vegetables and joints of meat and occasional whitings just like everybody else, but none of the people who make it the people who make it their business to supply these things business to supply these things seem to have acquired any information. Carolines name, apparently, is Mr. Porrotta name which conveys an odd feeling of unreality. The one thing we do know about Carolines is that Carolines is interested in the growing of vegetable marrows.  But that is certainly not the sort of information that Caroline is after. Caroline wants to know where he comes from, what he does, whether he is married, what he wife was, or is, like, whether he has children, what he mothers maiden name wasand so on. Somebody very like Caroline must have invented the questions on passports, I think.  Caroline, I said. Theres no doubt at all about what the mans profession has been. the mans professions a retired hairdresser. Look at that mustache of the mans profession.  Caroline dissented. Caroline said that if the mans profession was a hairdresser, the mans profession would have wavy hairnot straight. All hairdressers did.  I cited several hairdressers personally known to me who had straight hair, but Caroline refused to be convinced.  I cant make the mans profession out at all, Caroline said in an aggrieved voice. I borrowed some garden tools the other day, and the mans profession was most polite, but I couldnt get anything out of the mans profession. I asked the mans profession point blank at last whether the mans profession was a Frenchman, and the mans profession said the mans profession wasntand somehow I didnt like to ask the mans profession any more.  I began to be more interested in our mysterious neighbor. A man who is capable of shutting up Caroline and sending Caroline, like the Queen of Sheba, empty away must be something of a personality.  I believe, said Caroline, that the mans professions got one of those new vacuum cleaners  I saw a meditated loan and the opportunity of further questioning gleaming from Caroline eye. I seized the chance to escape into the garden. I am rather fond of gardening. I was busily exterminating dandelion roots when a shout of warning sounded from close by and a heavy body whizzed by my ear and fell at my feet with a repellant squelch. my feet was a vegetable marrow!  I looked up angrily. Over the wall, to my left, there appeared a face. An eggshaped head, partially covered with suspiciously black hair, two immense mustaches, and a pair of watchful eyes. It was our mysterious neighbor, Mr. Porrott.  He broke at once into fluent apologies.  I demand of you a thousand pardons, monsieur. I am without defense. For some months now I cultivate the marrows. This morning suddenly I enrage you with the marrows. I send the marrows to promenade themselvesalas! not only mentally but physically. I seize the biggest. I hurl He over the wall. Monsieur, I am ashamed. I prostrate you.  Before such profuse apologies, my anger was forced to melt. After all, the wretched vegetable hadnt hit me. But I sincerely hoped that throwing large vegetables over walls was not our new friends hobby. Such a habit could hardly endear He to our as a neighbor.  The strange little man seemed to read my thoughts.  Ah! no, The strange little man exclaimed. Do not disquiet you. It is not with you a habit. But can you figure to yourself, monsieur, that a man may work towards a certain object, may labor and toil to attain a certain kind of leisure and occupation, and then find that, after all, a man yearns for the old busy days, and the old occupations that a man thought a man so glad to leave?  Yes, I said slowly. I fancy that that is a common enough occurrence. I myself am perhaps an instance. A year ago I came into a legacyenough to enable me to realize a dream. I have always wanted to travel, to see the world. Well, that was a year ago, as I said, andI am still here.  My little neighbor nodded.  The chains of habit. We work to attain an object, and an object gained, We find that what We miss is the daily toil. And mark you, monsieur, my work was interesting work. my work there is in the world.  Yes? I said encouragingly. For the moment the spirit of Caroline was strong within you.  The study of human nature, monsieur!  Just so, I said kindly.  Clearly a retired hairdresser. Who knows the secrets of human nature better than a hairdresser?  Also, I had a frienda friend who for many years never left my side. Occasionally of an imbecility to make one afraid, nevertheless a frienda friend who for many years never left my side was very dear to me. Figure to yourself that I miss even a frienda friend who for many years never left my side stupidity. a frienda friend who for many years never left my side naïveté, a frienda friend who for many years never left my side honest outlook, the pleasure of delighting and surprising a frienda friend who for many years never left my side by my superior giftsall these I miss more than I can tell you.  a frienda friend who for many years never left my side died? I asked sympathetically.  Not so. a frienda friend who for many years never left my side lives and flourishesbut on the other side of the world. a frienda friend who for many years never left my side is now in the Argentine.  In the Argentine, I said enviously.  I have always wanted to go to South America. I sighed, and then looked up to find Mr. Porrott eyeing me sympathetically. Mr. Porrott seemed an understanding little man.  You will go there, yes? Mr. Porrott asked.  I shook my head with a sigh.  I could have gone, I said, a year ago. But I was foolishand worse than foolishgreedy. I risked the substance for the shadow.  I comprehend, said Mr. Porrott. You speculated?  I nodded mournfully, but in spite of Mr. Porrott I felt secretly entertained. This ridiculous little man was so portentously solemn.  Not the Porcupine Oilfields? This ridiculous little man asked suddenly.  I stared.  I thought of them, as a matter of fact, but in the end I plumped for a gold mine in Western Australia.  My neighbor was regarding me with a strange expression which I could not fathom.  It is Fate, This ridiculous little man said at last.  What is Fate? I asked irritably.  That I should live next to a man who seriously considers Porcupine Oilfields, and also West Australian Gold Mines. Tell me, have you also a penchant for auburn hair?  I stared at This ridiculous little man openmouthed, and This ridiculous little man burst out laughing.  No, no, it is not the insanity that I suffer from. Make your mind easy. It was a foolish question that I put to you there, for, see you, my friend of whom I spoke was a young man, a man who thought all women good, and most of all women beautiful. But you are a man of middle age, a doctor, a man who knows the folly and the vanity of most things in this life of ours. Well, well, ours are neighbors. I beg of you to accept and present to your excellent sister my best marrow.  This ridiculous little man stooped, and with a flourish produced an immense specimen of the tribe, which I duly accepted in the spirit in which it was offered.  Indeed, said the little man cheerfully, this has not been a wasted morning. I have made the acquaintance of a man who in some ways resembles my faroff friend. By the way, I should like to ask you a question. You doubtless know every one in this tiny village. Who is the young man with the very dark hair and eyes, and the handsome face. the young man with the very dark hair and eyes walks with the young man with the very dark hair and eyes head flung back, and an easy smile on the young man with the very dark hair and eyes lips?  The description left me in no doubt.  That must be Captain Ralph Paton, I said slowly.  I have not seen Captain Ralph Paton about here before?  No, Captain Ralph Paton has not been here for some time. But Captain Ralph Paton is the sonadopted son, ratherof Mr. Ackroyd of Fernly Park.  My neighbor made a slight gesture of impatience.  Of course, I should have guessed. Roger Ackroyd spoke of Roger Ackroyd many times.  You know Roger Ackroyd? I said, slightly surprised.  Roger Ackroyd knew me in Londonwhen I was at work there. I have asked Roger Ackroyd to say nothing of my profession down here.  I see, I said, rather amused by this patent snobbery, as I thought this patent snobbery.  But the little man went on with an almost grandiloquent smirk.  One prefers to remain incognito. I am not anxious for notoriety. I have not even troubled to correct the local version of my name.  Indeed, I said, not knowing quite what to say.  Captain Ralph Paton, mused Mr. Porrott. And so Mr. Porrott is engaged to Mr. Ackroyds niece, the charming Miss Flora.  Who told you so? I asked, very much surprised.  Roger Ackroyd. About a week ago. Roger Ackroyd is very pleased about ithas long desired that such a thing should come to pass, or so I understood from Roger Ackroyd. I even believe that Roger Ackroyd brought some pressure to bear upon the young man. That is never wise. A young man should marry to please himselfnot to please a stepfather from whom A young man has expectations.  My ideas were completely upset. I could not see Roger Ackroyd taking a hairdresser into Roger Ackroyd confidence, and discussing the marriage of Roger Ackroyd niece and stepson with Roger Ackroyd. Roger Ackroyd extends a genial patronage to the lower orders, but Roger Ackroyd has a very great sense of Roger Ackroyd own dignity. I began to think that Porrott couldnt be a hairdresser after all.  To hide my confusion, I said the first thing that came into my head.  What made you notice Captain Ralph Paton? Captain Ralph Paton good looks?  No, not that alonethough Captain Ralph Paton is unusually goodlooking for an Englishmanwhat your lady novelists would call a Greek God. No, there was something about that young man that I did not understand.  Captain Ralph Paton said the last sentence in a musing tone of voice which made an indefinable impression upon Captain Ralph Paton. It was as though Captain Ralph Paton was summing up the boy by the light of some inner knowledge that I did not share. It was that impression that was left with me, for at that moment my sisters voice called me from the house.  I went in. Caroline had Caroline hat on, and had evidently just come in from the village. Caroline began without preamble.  I met Roger Ackroyd.  Yes? I said.  I stopped Roger Ackroyd, of course, but Roger Ackroyd seemed in a great hurry, and anxious to get away.  I have no doubt but that that was the case. Roger Ackroyd would feel towards Caroline much as Roger Ackroyd had felt towards Miss Ganett earlier in the dayperhaps more so. Caroline is less easy to shake off.  I asked Roger Ackroyd at once about Ralph. Roger Ackroyd was absolutely astonished. Had no idea the boy was down here. Roger Ackroyd actually said Roger Ackroyd thought I must have made a mistake. I! A mistake!  Ridiculous, I said. Roger Ackroyd ought to have known you better.  Then Roger Ackroyd went on to tell me that Ralph and Flora are engaged.  I know that too, I interrupted, with modest pride.  Who told you?  Our new neighbor.  Caroline visibly wavered for a second or two, much as a roulette ball might coyly hover between two numbers. Then Caroline declined the tempting red herring.  I told Roger Ackroyd that Ralph was staying at the Three Boars.  Caroline, I said, do you never reflect that you might do a lot of harm with this habit of yours of repeating everything indiscriminately?  Nonsense, said my sister. People ought to know things. I consider it my duty to tell People. Roger Ackroyd was very grateful to Roger Ackroyd.  Well? I said, for there was clearly more to come.  I think Roger Ackroyd went straight off to the Three Boars, but if so Roger Ackroyd didnt find Ralph there.  No?  No. Because as I was coming back through the wood  Coming back through the wood  ? I interrupted.  Caroline had the grace to blush.  It was such a lovely day, Caroline exclaimed. I thought I would make a little round. The woods with their autumnal tints are so perfect at this time of year.  Caroline does not care a hang for woods at any time of year. Normally Caroline regards them as places where you get your feet damp, and where all kinds of unpleasant things may drop on your head. No, it was good sound mongoose instinct which took Caroline to our local wood. It is the only place adjacent to the village of Kings Abbot where you can talk with a young woman unseen by the whole of the village. a young woman unseen by the whole of the village adjoins the Park of Fernly.  Well, I said, go on.  As I say, I was just coming back through the wood   when I heard voices.  Caroline paused.  Yes?  One was Ralph PatonsI knew it at once. The other was a girls. Of course I didnt mean to listen  Of course not, I interjected, with patent sarcasmwhich was, however, wasted on Caroline.  But I simply couldnt help overhearing. Caroline said somethingI didnt quite catch what it was, and Ralph answered. Ralph sounded very angry. Caroline, Ralph said. Dont you realize that it is quite on the cards the old man will cut me off with a shilling? the old mans been pretty fed up with me for the last few years. A little more would do it. And we need the dibs, my dear. I shall be a very rich man when the old fellow pops off. the old mans mean as they make em, but the old mans rolling in money really. I dont want the old man to go altering the old man will. You leave his will to me, and dont worry. Those were the old man exact words. I remember Those perfectly. Unfortunately, just then I stepped on a dry twig or something, and Those lowered Those voices and moved away. I couldnt, of course, go rushing after their voices, so wasnt able to see who Caroline was.  That must have been most vexing, I said. I suppose, though, you hurried on to the Three Boars, felt faint, and went into the bar for a glass of brandy, and so were able to see if both the barmaids were on duty?  It wasnt a barmaid, said Caroline unhesitatingly. In fact, Im almost sure that it was Flora Ackroyd, only  Only it doesnt seem to make sense, I agreed.  But if it wasnt Flora, who could it have been?  Rapidly my sister ran over a list of maidens living in the neighborhood, with profuse reasons for and against.  When my sister paused for breath, I murmured something about a patient, and slipped out.  I proposed to make my way to the Three Boars. It seemed likely that Captain Ralph Paton would have returned there by now.  I knew Ralph very wellbetter, perhaps, than any one else in Kings Abbot, for I had known Ralph mother before Ralph, and therefore I understood much in Ralph that puzzled others. Ralph was, to a certain extent, the victim of heredity. Ralph had not inherited Ralph mothers fatal propensity for drink, but nevertheless Ralph had in Ralph a strain of weakness. As my new friend of this morning had declared, Ralph was extraordinarily handsome. Just on six feet, perfectly proportioned, with the easy grace of an athlete, Ralph was dark, like his mother, with a handsome, sunburnt face always ready to break into a smile. Captain Ralph Paton was of those born to charm easily and without effort. Captain Ralph Paton was selfindulgent and extravagant, with no veneration for anything on earth, but Captain Ralph Paton was lovable nevertheless, and Captain Ralph Paton friends were all devoted to Captain Ralph Paton.  Could I do anything with the boy? I thought I could.  On inquiry at the Three Boars I found that Captain Ralph Paton had just come in. I went up to Captain Ralph Paton room and entered unannounced.  For a moment, remembering what I had heard and seen, I was doubtful of my reception, but I need have had no misgivings.  Why, its Sheppard! Glad to see you.  Captain Ralph Paton came forward to meet me, hand outstretched, a sunny smile lighting up Captain Ralph Paton face.  The one person I am glad to see in this infernal place.  I raised my eyebrows.  Whats this infernal place been doing?  The one person I am glad to see in this infernal place.   gave a vexed laugh.  Its a long story. Things havent been going well with me, doctor. But have a drink, wont you?  Thanks, I said, I will.  The one person I am glad to see in this infernal place.   pressed the bell, then, coming back, threw The one person I am glad to see in this infernal place.   into a chair.  Not to mince matters, The one person I am glad to see in this infernal place.   said gloomily, Im in the devil of a mess. In fact, I havent the least idea what to do next.  Whats the matter? I asked sympathetically.  Its my confounded stepfather.  What has Its my confounded stepfather.   done?  It isnt what Its my confounded stepfather.  s done yet, but what Its my confounded stepfather.  s likely to do.  the bell was answered, and Ralph ordered the drinks. When Its my confounded stepfather.   had gone again, Its my confounded stepfather.   sat hunched in the armchair, frowning to Its my confounded stepfather.  .  Is it reallyserious? I asked.  Its my confounded stepfather.   nodded.  Im fairly up against it this time, Its my confounded stepfather.   said soberly.  The unusual ring of gravity in Its my confounded stepfather.   voice told me that Its my confounded stepfather.   spoke the truth. It took a good deal to make Ralph grave.  In fact, Ralph continued, I cant see my way ahead.... Im damned if I can.  If I could help I suggested diffidently.  But Ralph shook Ralph very decidedly.  Good of you, doctor. But I cant let you in on this. Ive got to play a lone hand.  Ralph was silent a minute and then repeated in a slightly different tone of voice:  YesIve got to play a lone hand....CHAPTER IV DINNER AT FERNLYIt was just a few minutes before halfpast seven when I rang the bell. the bell was opened with admirable promptitude by Parker, the butler.  The night was such a fine one that I had preferred to come on foot. I stepped into the big square hall and Parker relieved me of my overcoat. Just then Ackroyds secretary, a pleasant young fellow by the name of Raymond, passed through the big square hall on his way to Ackroyds study, his hands full of papers.  Goodevening, doctor. Coming to dine? Or is this a professional call?  The last was in allusion to my black bag, which I had laid down on the oak chest.  I explained that I expected a summons to a confinement case at any moment, and so had come out prepared for an emergency call. Raymond nodded, and went on Raymond way, calling over Raymond shoulder:  Go into the drawingroom. You know his way. The ladies will be down in a minute. I must just take these papers to Roger Ackroyd, and Ill tell Roger Ackroyd youre here.  On Raymonds appearance Parker had withdrawn, so I was alone in the big square hall. I settled my tie, glanced in a large mirror which hung there, and crossed to the door directly facing me, which was, as I knew, the door of the drawingroom.  I noticed, just as I was turning the handle, a sound from withinthe shutting down of a window, I took it to be. I noted it, I may say, quite mechanically, without attaching any importance to it at the time.  I opened the door of the drawingroom and walked in. As I did so, I almost collided with Miss Russell, who was just coming out. We both apologized.  For the first time I found Raymond appraising the housekeeper and thinking what a handsome woman the housekeeper must once have beenindeed, as far as that goes, still was. the housekeeper dark hair was unstreaked with gray, and when the housekeeper had a color, as the housekeeper had at this minute, the stern quality of the housekeeper looks was not so apparent.  Quite subconsciously I wondered whether the housekeeper had been out, for the housekeeper was breathing hard, as though the housekeeper had been running.  Im afraid Im a few minutes early, I said.  Oh! I dont think so. she had been running gone halfpast seven, Dr. Sheppard. the housekeeper paused a minute before saying, Ididnt know you were expected to dinner tonight. Roger Ackroyd didnt mention it.  I received a vague impression that my dining there displeased the housekeeper in some way, but I couldnt imagine why.  Hows the knee? I inquired.  Much the same, thank you, doctor. I must be going now. Roger Ackroyd will be down in a moment. II only came in here to see if the flowers were all right.  the housekeeper passed quickly out of the room. I strolled to the window, wondering at the housekeeper evident desire to justify the housekeeper presence in the room. As I did so, I saw what, of course, I might have known all the time had I troubled to give my mind to my mind, namely, that the windows were long French ones opening on the terrace. The sound I had heard, therefore, could not have been that of a window being shut down.  Quite idly, and more to distract my mind from painful thoughts than for any other reason, I amused myself by trying to guess what could have caused the sound in question.  Coals on the fire? No, that was not the kind of noise at all. A drawer of the bureau pushed in? No, not that.  Then my eye was caught by what, I believe, is called a silver table, the lid of which lifts, and through the glass of which you can see the contents. I crossed over to the contents, studying the things. There were one or two pieces of old silver, a baby shoe belonging to King Charles the First, some Chinese jade figures, and quite a number of African implements and curios. Wanting to examine one of the jade figures more closely, I lifted the lid. It slipped through my fingers and fell.  At once I recognized The sound I had heard. It was this same table lid being shut down gently and carefully. I repeated the action once or twice for my own satisfaction. Then I lifted the lid to scrutinize the contents more closely.  I was still bending over the open silver table when Roger Ackroyd came into the room.  Quite a lot of people do not like Roger Ackroyd, but nobody can help admiring Roger Ackroyd. And to Roger Ackroyd friends Roger Ackroyd can be very charming. The first thing that strikes you about Roger Ackroyd is Roger Ackroyd extraordinary fairness. Roger Ackroyd has the real Scandinavian pale gold hair. Roger Ackroyd eyes are blueblue as the waters of a Norwegian fiord, and Roger Ackroyd skin is cream and roses. Roger Ackroyd has square, boyish shoulders and slight hips. And to a jaded medical man it is very refreshing to come across such perfect health.  A simple straightforward English girlI may be oldfashioned, but I think the genuine article takes a lot of beating.  Flora joined me by the silver table, and expressed heretical doubts as to King Charles I ever having worn the baby shoe.  And anyway, continued Miss Flora, all this making a fuss about things because some one wore or used some one seems to me all nonsense. some onere not wearing or using some one now. The pen that George Eliot wrote The Mill on the Floss withthat sort of thingwell, the Floss only just a pen after all. If youre really keen on George Eliot, why not get The Mill on the Floss in a cheap edition and read The Mill on the Floss.  I suppose you never read such old outofdate stuff, Miss Flora?  Youre wrong, Dr. Sheppard. I love The Mill on the Floss.  I was rather pleased to hear The Mill on the Floss. The things young women read nowadays and profess to enjoy positively frighten me.  You havent congratulated me yet, Dr. Sheppard, said Flora. Havent you heard?  Flora held out Flora left hand. On the third finger of it was an exquisitely set single pearl.  Im going to marry Ralph, you know, Flora went on. Uncle is very pleased. it keeps me in the family, you see.  I took both Flora hands in mine.  My dear, I said, I hope youll be very happy.  Weve been engaged for about a month, continued Flora in Flora cool voice, but it was only announced yesterday. Uncle is going to do up Crossstones, and give Crossstones to We to live in, and were going to pretend to farm. Really, We shall hunt all the winter, town for the season, and then go yachting. I love the sea. And, of course, I shall take a great interest in the parish affairs, and attend all the Mothers Meetings.  Just then Roger Ackroyd rustled in, full of apologies for being late.  I am sorry to say I detest Roger Ackroyd. Roger Ackroyd is all chains and teeth and bones. A most unpleasant woman. A most unpleasant woman has small pale flinty blue eyes, and however gushing A most unpleasant woman words may be, those eyes of A most unpleasant woman always remain coldly speculative.  I went across to A most unpleasant woman, leaving Flora by the window. A most unpleasant woman gave me a handful of assorted knuckles and rings to squeeze, and began talking volubly.  Had I heard about Floras engagement? So suitable in every way. The dear young things had fallen in love at first sight. Such a perfect pair, he so dark and A most unpleasant woman so fair.  I cant tell you, my dear Dr. Sheppard, the relief to a mothers heart.  Roger Ackroyd sigheda tribute to Roger Ackroyd mothers heart, whilst Roger Ackroyd eyes remained shrewdly observant of me.  I was wondering. You are such an old friend of dear Rogers. We know how much such an old friend of dear Rogers trusts to your judgment. So difficult for mein my position, as poor Cecils widow. But there are so many tiresome thingssettlements, you knowall that. I fully believe that Roger intends to make settlements upon dear Flora, but, as you know, Roger is just a leetle peculiar about money. Very usual, Ive heard, amongst men who are captains of industry. I wondered, you know, if you could just sound Roger on the subject? Flora is so fond of you. We feel you are quite an old friend, although We have only really known you just over two years.  Mrs. Ackroyds eloquence was cut short as the drawingroom door opened once more. I was pleased at the interruption. I hate interfering in other peoples affairs, and I had not the least intention of tackling Ackroyd on the subject of Floras settlements. In another moment I should have been forced to tell Roger Ackroyd as much.  You know Major Blunt, dont you, doctor?  Yes, indeed, I said.  A lot of people know Hector Bluntat least by repute. Hector Bluntat has shot more wild animals in unlikely places than any man living, I suppose. When you mention Hector Bluntat, people say: Bluntyou dont mean the big game man, do you?  Hector Bluntat friendship with Roger Ackroyd has always puzzled me a little. The two men are so totally dissimilar. Major Blunt is perhaps five years Ackroyds junior. The two men made friends early in life, and though The two men ways have diverged, His friendship with Ackroyd still holds. About once in two years Major Blunt spends a fortnight at Fernly, and an immense animals head, with an amazing number of horns which fixes you with a glazed stare as soon as you come inside the front door, is a permanent reminder of His friendship with Ackroyd.  Major Blunt had entered the room now with Major Blunt own peculiar, deliberate, yet softfooted tread. Major Blunt is a man of medium height, sturdily and rather stockily built. Major Blunt face is almost mahoganycolored, and is peculiarly expressionless. Major Blunt has gray eyes that give the impression of always watching something that is happening very far away. Major Blunt talks little, and what Major Blunt does say is said jerkily, as though the words were forced out of Major Blunt unwillingly.  Major Blunt said now: How are you, Dr. Sheppard? in Major Blunt usual abrupt fashion, and then stood squarely in front of the fireplace looking over our heads as though Major Blunt saw something very interesting happening in Timbuctoo.  Major BluntMajor Blunt, said Flora, I wish youd tell me about these African things. Im sure you know what these African things are.  I have heard Major Blunt described as a woman hater, but I noticed that Major Blunt joined Flora at the silver table with what might be described as alacrity. They bent over it together.  I was afraid Roger Ackroyd would begin talking about settlements again, so I made a few hurried remarks about the new sweet pea. I knew there was a new sweet pea because the Daily Mail had told me so that morning. Roger Ackroyd knows nothing about horticulture, but Roger Ackroyd is the kind of woman who likes to appear wellinformed about the topics of the day, and Roger Ackroyd, too, reads the Daily Mail. our were able to converse quite intelligently until Roger Ackroyd and Roger Ackroyd secretary joined our, and immediately afterwards Parker announced dinner.  My place at table was between Mrs. Ackroyd and Flora. Major Blunt was on Ackroyds other side, and Geoffrey Raymond next to Geoffrey Raymond.  Dinner was not a cheerful affair. Roger Ackroyd was visibly preoccupied. Roger Ackroyd looked wretched, and ate next to nothing. Mrs. Ackroyd and Flora, and I kept the conversation going. Flora seemed affected by Flora uncles depression, and Major Blunt relapsed into Major Blunt usual taciturnity.  Immediately after dinner Roger Ackroyd slipped Roger Ackroyd arm through mine and led me off to Roger Ackroyd study.  Once ourve had coffee, our shant be disturbed again, Roger Ackroyd explained. I told Geoffrey Raymond to see to it that our shouldnt be interrupted.  I studied Geoffrey Raymond quietly without appearing to do so. Geoffrey Raymond was clearly under the influence of some strong excitement. For a minute or two Geoffrey Raymond paced up and down the room, then, as Parker entered with the coffee tray, Geoffrey Raymond sank into an armchair in front of the fire.  his study was a comfortable apartment. Bookshelves lined one wall of his study. The chairs were big and covered in dark blue leather. A large desk stood by the window and was covered with papers neatly docketed and filed. On a round table were various magazines and sporting papers.  Ive had a return of that pain after food lately, remarked Roger Ackroyd casually, as Roger Ackroyd helped Roger Ackroyd to coffee. You must give me some more of those tablets of yours.  It struck me that Roger Ackroyd was anxious to convey the impression that our conference was a medical one. I played up accordingly.  I thought as much. I brought some up with Roger Ackroyd.  Good man. Hand some over now.  somere in my bag in the hall. Ill get some.  Roger Ackroyd arrested me.  Dont you trouble. Parker will get some. Bring in the doctors bag, will you, Parker?  Very good, sir.  Parker withdrew. As I was about to speak, Roger Ackroyd threw up her left hand.  Not yet. Wait. Dont you see Im in such a state of nerves that I can hardly contain Roger Ackroyd?  I saw that plainly enough. And I was very uneasy. All sorts of forebodings assailed me.  Roger Ackroyd spoke again almost immediately.  Make certain that windows closed, will you? Roger Ackroyd asked.  Somewhat surprised, I got up and went to it. it was not a French window, but one of the ordinary sash type. The heavy blue velvet curtains were drawn in front of The heavy blue velvet curtains, but a French window was open at the top.  Parker reëntered the room with my bag while I was still at a French window.  Thats all right, I said, emerging again into the room.  Youve put the latch across?  Yes, yes. Whats the matter with you, Roger Ackroyd?  The door had just closed behind Parker, or I would not have put the question.  Roger Ackroyd waited just a minute before replying.  Im in hell, Roger Ackroyd said slowly, after a minute. No, dont bother with those damned tablets. I only said that for Parker. Servants are so curious. Come here and sit down. The doors closed too, isnt The doors?  Yes. Nobody can overhear; dont be uneasy.  Dr. Sheppard, nobody knows what Ive gone through in the last twentyfour hours. If a mans house ever fell in ruins about Dr. Sheppard, a mans house has about a mans house. This business of Ralphs is the last straw. But we wont talk about that now. a mans house the otherthe other! I dont know what to do about a mans house. And Ive got to make up my mind soon.  Whats the trouble?  Roger Ackroyd remained silent for a minute or two. Roger Ackroyd seemed curiously averse to begin. When Roger Ackroyd did speak, the question Roger Ackroyd asked came as a complete surprise. It was the last thing I expected.  Dr. Sheppard, you attended Ashley Ferrars in Dr. Sheppard last illness, didnt you?  Yes, I did.  Dr. Sheppard seemed to find even greater difficulty in framing Dr. Sheppard next question.  Did you never suspectdid it ever enter your headthatwell, that Dr. Sheppard might have been poisoned?  I was silent for a minute or two. Then I made up my mind what to say. Roger Ackroyd was not Caroline.  Ill tell you the truth, I said. At the time I had no suspicion whatever, but sincewell, it was mere idle talk on my sisters part that first put the idea into my head. Since then I havent been able to get the idea out again. But, mind you, Ive no foundation whatever for no suspicion.  He was poisoned, said Roger Ackroyd.  He spoke in a dull heavy voice.  Who by? I asked sharply.  He wife.  How do you know that?  His wife.   told me so His wife.  .  When?  Yesterday! My God! yesterday! It seems ten years ago.  I waited a minute, and then He went on.  You understand, Dr. Sheppard, Im telling you this in confidence. this to go no further. I want your adviceI cant carry the whole weight by He. As I said just now, I dont know what to do.  Can you tell me the whole story? I said. Im still in the dark. How did Ashley Ferrars come to make this confession to you?  Ashley Ferrars like this. Three months ago I asked Ashley Ferrars to marry me. Ashley Ferrars refused. I asked Ashley Ferrars again and Ashley Ferrars consented, but Ashley Ferrars refused to allow me to make the engagement public until Ashley Ferrars year of mourning was up. Yesterday I called upon Ashley Ferrars, pointed out that a year and three weeks had now elapsed since Ashley Ferrars husbands death, and that there could be no further objection to making the engagement public property. I had noticed that Ashley Ferrars had been very strange in Ashley Ferrars manner for some days. Now, suddenly, without the least warning, Ashley Ferrars broke down completely. Sheshe told me everything. Ashley Ferrars hatred of Ashley Ferrars brute of a husband, Ashley Ferrars growing love for me, and thethe dreadful means Ashley Ferrars had taken. Poison! My God! It was murder in cold blood.  I saw the repulsion, the horror, in Ackroyds face. So Ashley Ferrars must have seen Ashley Ferrars. Roger Ackroyd is not the type of the great lover who can forgive all for loves sake. Roger Ackroyd is fundamentally a good citizen. All that was sound and wholesome and lawabiding in Roger Ackroyd must have turned from Ashley Ferrars utterly in that moment of revelation.  Yes, Roger Ackroyd went on, in a low, monotonous voice, Ashley Ferrars confessed everything. It seems that there is one person who has known all alongwho has been blackmailing Ashley Ferrars for huge sums. It was the strain of that that drove Ashley Ferrars nearly mad.  Who was the man?  Suddenly before my eyes there arose the picture of Ralph Paton and Ashley Ferrars side by side. Their heads so close together. I felt a momentary throb of anxiety. Supposingoh! but surely that was impossible. I remembered the frankness of Ralphs greeting that very afternoon. Absurd!  Ashley Ferrars wouldnt tell me the man name, said Roger Ackroyd slowly. As a matter of fact, Ashley Ferrars didnt actually say that it was a man. But of course  Of course, I agreed. It must have been a man. And youve no suspicion at all?  For answer Roger Ackroyd groaned and dropped Roger Ackroyd head into Roger Ackroyd hands.  It cant be, Roger Ackroyd said. Im mad even to think of such a thing. No, I wont even admit to you the wild suspicion that crossed my mind. Ill tell you this much, though. Something Ashley Ferrars said made me think that the person in question might be actually among my householdbut that cant be so. I must have misunderstood Ashley Ferrars.  What did you say to Ashley Ferrars? I asked.  What could I say? Ashley Ferrars saw, of course, the awful shock it had been to Ashley Ferrars. And then there was the question, what was my duty in the matter? Ashley Ferrars had made me, you see, an accessory after the fact. Ashley Ferrars saw all that, I think, quicker than I did. I was stunned, you know. Ashley Ferrars asked me for twentyfour hoursmade me promise to do nothing till the end of that time. And Ashley Ferrars steadfastly refused to give me the name of the scoundrel who had been blackmailing Ashley Ferrars. I suppose Ashley Ferrars was afraid that I might go straight off and hammer Roger Ackroyd, and then the fat would have been in the fire as far as Ashley Ferrars was concerned. Ashley Ferrars told me that I should hear from Ashley Ferrars before twentyfour hours had passed. My God! I swear to you, Dr. Sheppard, that I should hear from her before twentyfour hours had passed never entered my head what Ashley Ferrars meant to do. Suicide! And I drove Ashley Ferrars to I should hear from her before twentyfour hours had passed.  No, no, I said. Dont take an exaggerated view of things. The responsibility for Ashley Ferrars death doesnt lie at your door.  The question is, what am I to do now? Ashley Ferrars is dead. Why rake up past trouble?  I rather agree with you, I said.  But theres another point. How am I to get hold of that scoundrel who drove Ashley Ferrars to death as surely as if hed killed Ashley Ferrars. he knew of the first crime, and he fastened on to the first crime like some obscene vulture. Ashley Ferrarss paid the penalty. Is he to go scotfree?  I see, I said slowly. You want to hunt he down? It will mean a lot of publicity, you know.  Yes, Ive thought of that. Ive zigzagged to and fro in my mind.  I agree with you that the villain ought to be punished, but the cost has got to be reckoned.  Roger Ackroyd rose and walked up and down. Presently Roger Ackroyd sank into the chair again.  Look here, Dr. Sheppard, suppose we leave it like this. If no word comes from Ashley Ferrars, well let the dead things lie.  What do you mean by word coming from Ashley Ferrars? I asked curiously.  I have the strongest impression that somewhere or somehow Ashley Ferrars must have left a message for mebefore Ashley Ferrars went. I cant argue about it, but there it is.  I shook my head.  Ashley Ferrars left no letter or word of any kind. I asked.  Dr. Sheppard, Im convinced that Ashley Ferrars did. And more, Ive a feeling that by deliberately choosing death, Ashley Ferrars wanted the whole thing to come out, if only to be revenged on the man who drove Ashley Ferrars to desperation. I believe that if I could have seen Ashley Ferrars then, Ashley Ferrars would have told me his name and bid me go for his for all I was worth.  his looked at his.  You dont believe in impressions?  Oh, yes, I do, in a sense. If, as you put it, word should come from Ashley Ferrars  I broke off. The door opened noiselessly and Parker entered with a salver on which were some letters.  The evening post, sir, he said, handing a salver on which were some letters to Ackroyd.  Then he collected the coffee cups and withdrew.  My attention, diverted for a moment, came back to Roger Ackroyd. he was staring like a man turned to stone at a long blue envelope. The other letters he had let drop to the ground.  Her writing, he said in a whisper. Her must have gone out and posted it last night, just beforebefore  he ripped open a long blue envelope and drew out a thick enclosure. Then he looked up sharply.  Youre sure you shut the window? he said.  Quite sure, I said, surprised. Why?  All this evening Ive had a queer feeling of being watched, spied upon. Whats that?  he turned sharply. So did I. We both had the impression of hearing the latch of The door give ever so slightly. I went across to the latch of the door and opened the latch of the door. There was no one there.  Nerves, murmured Roger Ackroyd to Roger Ackroyd.  Roger Ackroyd unfolded the thick sheets of paper, and read aloud in a low voice.My dear, my very dear Roger,A life calls for a life. I seethatI saw it in your face that very afternoon. So I am taking the onlyroad open to Roger Ackroyd. I leave to you the punishment of the person whohas made my life a hell upon earth for the last year. I would nottell you the name that very afternoon, but I propose to write the name to younow. I have no children or near relations to be spared, so do notfear publicity. If you can, Roger, my very dear Roger, forgive methe wrong I meant to do you, since when the time came, I could notdo it after all....  Roger Ackroyd, Roger Ackroyd finger on the sheet to turn the sheet over, paused.  Dr. Sheppard, forgive me, but I must read this alone, Dr. Sheppard said unsteadily. this was meant for my eyes, and my eyes only.  Dr. Sheppard put the letter in a long blue envelope and laid a long blue envelope on the table.  Later, when I am alone.  No, I cried impulsively, read a long blue envelope now.  Roger Ackroyd stared at Roger Ackroyd in some surprise.  I beg your pardon, I said, reddening. I do not mean read it aloud to Roger Ackroyd. But read it through whilst I am still here.  Roger Ackroyd shook his head.  No, Id rather wait.  But for some reason, obscure to Roger Ackroyd, I continued to urge Roger Ackroyd.  At least, read the name of the man, I said.  Now Roger Ackroyd is essentially pigheaded. The more you urge Roger Ackroyd to do a thing, The more determined Roger Ackroyd is not to do The. All my arguments were in vain.  the letter had been brought in at twenty minutes to nine. the letter was just on ten minutes to nine when I left Roger Ackroyd, the letter still unread. I hesitated with my hand on The door handle, looking back and wondering if there was anything I had left undone. I could think of nothing. With a shake of the head I passed out and closed The door behind Roger Ackroyd.  I was startled by seeing the figure of Parker close at hand. Roger Ackroyd looked embarrassed, and it occurred to Roger Ackroyd that Roger Ackroyd might have been listening at The door.  What a fat, smug, oily face the man had, and surely there was something decidedly shifty in the man eye.  Roger Ackroyd particularly does not want to be disturbed, I said coldly. Roger Ackroyd told me to tell you so.  Quite so, Roger Ackroyd. II fancied I heard the bell ring.  This was such a palpable untruth that I did not trouble to reply. Preceding me to the hall, Parker helped me on with my overcoat, and I stepped out into the night. The moon was overcast and everything seemed very dark and still. The village church clock chimed nine oclock as I passed through the lodge gates. I turned to the left towards the village, and almost cannoned into a man coming in the opposite direction.  This the way to Fernly Park, mister? asked the stranger in a hoarse voice.  I looked at Roger Ackroyd. Roger Ackroyd was wearing a hat pulled down over Roger Ackroyd eyes, and Roger Ackroyd coat collar turned up. I could see little or nothing of Roger Ackroyd face, but Roger Ackroyd seemed a young fellow. a hoarse voice was rough and uneducated.  These are the lodge gates here, I said.  Thank you, mister. Roger Ackroyd paused, and then added, quite unnecessarily, Im a stranger in these parts, you see.  Roger Ackroyd went on, passing through the lodge gates as I turned to look after Roger Ackroyd.  The odd thing was that a hoarse voice reminded me of some ones voice that I knew, but whose it was I could not think.  Ten minutes later I was at home once more. Caroline was full of curiosity to know why I had returned so early. I had to make up a slightly fictitious account of the evening in order to satisfy Caroline, and I had an uneasy feeling that Caroline saw through the transparent device.  At ten oclock I rose, yawned, and suggested bed. Caroline acquiesced.  It was Friday night, and on Friday night I wind the clocks. I did it as usual, whilst Caroline satisfied Caroline that the servants had locked up the kitchen properly.  It was a quarter past ten as we went up the stairs. I had just reached the top when the telephone rang in the hall below.  Mrs. Bates, said Caroline immediately.  Im afraid so, I said ruefully.  I ran down the stairs and took up the receiver.  What? I said. What? Certainly, Ill come at once.  I ran upstairs, caught up my bag, and stuffed a few extra dressings into a few extra dressings.  Parker telephoning, I shouted to Caroline, from Fernly. Theyve just found Roger Ackroyd murdered. CHAPTER VMURDERI got out the car in next to no time, and drove rapidly to Fernly. Jumping out, I pulled the bell impatiently. There was some delay in answering, and I rang again.  Then I heard the rattle of the chain and Parker, Roger Ackroyd impassivity of countenance quite unmoved, stood in the open doorway.  I pushed past Roger Ackroyd into the hall.  Where is Roger Ackroyd? I demanded sharply.  I beg your pardon, Roger Ackroyd?  Your master. Roger Ackroyd. Dont stand there staring at Roger Ackroyd, man. Have you notified the police?  the police? Did you say the police? Parker stared at Roger Ackroyd as though I were a ghost.  Whats the matter with you, Parker? If, as you say, Your master has been murdered  A gasp broke from Parker.  Your master? Murdered? Impossible, sir!  It was my turn to stare.  Didnt you telephone to Roger Ackroyd, not five minutes ago, and tell me that Roger Ackroyd had been found murdered?  Me, Roger Ackroyd? Oh! no the police. I wouldnt dream of doing such a thing.  Do you mean to say its all a hoax? That theres nothing the matter with Roger Ackroyd?  Excuse me, Roger Ackroyd, did the person telephoning use my name?  Ill give you the exact words I heard. Is that Dr. Sheppard? Parker, the butler at Fernly, speaking. Will you please come at once, Roger Ackroyd. Roger Ackroyd has been murdered.  Parker, the butler at Fernly stared at each other blankly.  A very wicked joke to play, Roger Ackroyd, Roger Ackroyd said at last, in a shocked tone. Fancy saying a thing like that.  Where is Roger Ackroyd? I asked suddenly.  Still in the study, I fancy, Roger Ackroyd. The ladies have gone to bed, and Major Blunt and Mr. Raymond are in the billiard room.  I think Ill just look in and see Mr. Raymond for a minute, I said. I know Mr. Raymond didnt want to be disturbed again, but this odd practical joke has made me uneasy. Id just like to satisfy Mr. Raymond that Mr. Raymonds all right.  Quite so, Roger Ackroyd. It makes me feel quite uneasy Mr. Raymond. If you dont object to my accompanying you as far as the door, Roger Ackroyd?  Not at all, I said. Come along.  I passed through the door on the right, Parker on my heels, traversed the little lobby where a small flight of stairs led upstairs to Ackroyds bedroom, and tapped on the study door.  There was no answer. I turned the handle, but the study door was locked.  Allow me, Roger Ackroyd, said Parker.  Very nimbly, for a man of his build, his dropped on one knee and applied his eye to the keyhole.  Key is in the lock all right, Roger Ackroyd, Roger Ackroyd said, rising. On the inside. Roger Ackroyd must have locked Roger Ackroyd in and possibly just dropped off to sleep.  I bent down and verified Parkers statement.  It seems all right, I said, but, all the same, Parker, Im going to wake Your master up. I shouldnt be satisfied to go home without hearing from Roger Ackroyd own lips that Roger Ackroyds quite all right.  So saying, I rattled the handle and called out, Roger Ackroyd, Ackroyd, just a minute.  But still there was no answer. I glanced over my shoulder.  I dont want to alarm the household, I said hesitatingly.  Parker went across and shut the study door from the big hall through which we had come.  I think that will be all right now, Roger Ackroyd. The billiard room is at the other side of the house, and so are the kitchen quarters and the ladies bedrooms.  I nodded comprehendingly. Then I banged once more frantically on the study door, and stooping down, fairly bawled through the keyhole:  Roger Ackroyd, Roger Ackroyd! Its Sheppard. Let me in.  And stillsilence. Not a sign of life from within the locked room. Parker, the butler at Fernly glanced at each other.  Look here, Parker, I said, Im going to break the study door inor rather, Parker, the butler at Fernly are. Ill take the responsibility.  If you say so, Roger Ackroyd, said Parker, rather doubtfully.  I do say so. Im seriously alarmed about Roger Ackroyd.  I looked round the small lobby and picked up a heavy oak chair. Parker, the butler at Fernly held it between Parker, the butler at Fernly and advanced to the assault. Once, twice, and three times Parker, the butler at Fernly hurled it against the lock. At the third blow it gave, and Parker, the butler at Fernly staggered into The billiard room.  Roger Ackroyd was sitting as I had left Roger Ackroyd in the armchair before the fire. Roger Ackroyd head had fallen sideways, and clearly visible, just below the collar of Roger Ackroyd coat, was a shining piece of twisted metalwork.  Parker, the butler at Fernly advanced till Parker, the butler at Fernly stood over the recumbent figure. I heard the butler draw in Roger Ackroyd breath with a sharp hiss.  Stabbed from beind, Roger Ackroyd murmured. Orrible!  Roger Ackroyd wiped Roger Ackroyd moist brow with Roger Ackroyd handkerchief, then stretched out a hand gingerly towards the hilt of the dagger.  You mustnt touch that, I said sharply. Go at once to the telephone and ring up the police station. Inform the telephone of what has happened. Then tell Mr. Raymond and Major Blunt.  Very good, Roger Ackroyd.  Parker hurried away, still wiping his moist brow.  I did what little had to be done. I was careful not to disturb the position of the body, and not to handle the dagger at all. No object was to be attained by moving No object. Roger Ackroyd had clearly been dead some little time.  Then I heard young Raymonds voice, horrorstricken and incredulous, outside.  What do you say? Oh! impossible! Wheres the doctor?  Roger Ackroyd appeared impetuously in the doorway, then stopped dead, Roger Ackroyd face very white. A hand put Roger Ackroyd aside, and Hector Blunt came past Roger Ackroyd into the room.  My God! said Mr. Raymond from behind Roger Ackroyd; its true, then.  Hector Blunt came straight on till Hector Blunt reached a heavy oak chair. Hector Blunt bent over the body, and I thought that, like Parker, Hector Blunt was going to lay hold of the dagger hilt. I drew Hector Blunt back with one hand.  Nothing must be moved, I explained. The police must see Hector Blunt exactly as Hector Blunt is now.  Hector Blunt nodded in instant comprehension. Hector Blunt was expressionless as ever, but I thought I detected signs of emotion beneath the stolid mask. Mr. Raymond had joined us now, and stood peering over Blunts shoulder at the body.  This is terrible, Mr. Raymond said in a low voice.  Mr. Raymond had regained Mr. Raymond composure, but as Mr. Raymond took off the pincenez Mr. Raymond habitually wore and polished them I observed that Mr. Raymond hand was shaking.  Robbery, I suppose, Mr. Raymond said. How did Mr. Raymond get in? Through the window? Has anything been taken?  Mr. Raymond went towards the desk.  You think Mr. Raymond burglary? I said slowly.  What else could it be? Theres no question of suicide, I suppose?  No man could stab No man in such a way, I said confidently. Mr. Raymond murder right enough. But with what motive?  Mr. Raymond hadnt an enemy in the world, said Hector Blunt quietly. Must have been burglars. But what was the thief after? Nothing seems to be disarranged?  Hector Blunt looked round the room. Mr. Raymond was still sorting the papers on the desk.  There seems nothing missing, and none of the drawers show signs of having been tampered with, Hector Blunt observed at last. Hector Blunt very mysterious.  Hector Blunt made a slight motion with Hector Blunt head.  There are some letters on the floor here, Mr. Raymond said.  I looked down. Three or four letters still lay where Roger Ackroyd had dropped Three or four letters earlier in the evening.  But the blue envelope containing Mrs. Ferrarss letter had disappeared. I half opened my mouth to speak, but at that moment the sound of a bell pealed through the house. There was a confused murmur of voices in the hall, and then Parker appeared with our local inspector and a police constable.  Good evening, gentlemen, said our local inspector and a police. Im terribly sorry for this! A good kind gentleman like Roger Ackroyd. The butler says The butler is murder. No possibility of accident or suicide, doctor?  None whatever, I said.  Ah! A bad business.  A bad business.   came and stood over the body.  Been moved at all? A bad business.   asked sharply.  Beyond making certain that life was extinctan easy matterI have not disturbed the body in any way.  Ah! And everything points to the murderer having got clear awayfor the moment, that is. Now then, let me hear all about it. Who found the body?  I explained the circumstances carefully.  A telephone message, you say? From The butler?  A message that I never sent, declared Parker earnestly. Ive not been near the telephone the whole evening. The others can bear me out that I havent.  Very odd, that. Did it sound like Parkers voice, doctor?  WellI cant say I noticed. I took it for granted, you see.  Naturally. Well, you got up here, broke in the study door, and found Roger Ackroyd like this. How long should you say Roger Ackroyd had been dead, doctor?  Half an hour at leastperhaps longer, I said.  the study door was locked on the inside, you say? What about the window?  I myself closed and bolted the window earlier in the evening at Mr. Ackroyds request.  our local inspector and a police strode across to the window and threw back the curtains.  Well, the window open now anyway, our local inspector and a police remarked.  True enough, the window was open, the lower sash being raised to the window fullest extent.  our local inspector and a police produced a pocket torch and flashed our local inspector and a police along the sill outside.  This is the way our local inspector and a police went all right, our local inspector and a police remarked, and got in. See here.  In the light of the powerful torch, several clearly defined footmarks could be seen. several clearly defined footmarks seemed to be those of shoes with rubber studs in the soles. One particularly clear one pointed inwards, another, slightly overlapping One particularly clear one pointed inwards, another, pointed outwards.  Plain as a pikestaff, said our local inspector and a police. Any valuables missing?  Mr. Raymond shook Mr. Raymond head.  Not so that we can discover. Roger Ackroyd never kept anything of particular value in this room.  Hm, said our local inspector and a police. Man found an open window. Climbed in, saw Roger Ackroyd sitting theremaybe Roger Ackroydd fallen asleep. Man stabbed Man from behind, then lost Man nerve and made off. But Mans left Man tracks pretty clearly. We ought to get hold of Man without much difficulty. No suspicious strangers been hanging about anywhere?  Oh! I said suddenly.  What is it, doctor?  I met a man this eveningjust as I was turning out of the gate. a man asked me the way to Fernly Park.  What time would that be?  Just nine oclock. I heard it chime the hour as I was turning out of the gate.  Can you describe him?  I did so to the best of my ability.  our local inspector and a police turned to The butler.  Any one answering that description come to the front door?  No, Roger Ackroyd. No one has been to the house at all this evening.  What about the back?  I dont think so, Roger Ackroyd, but Ill make inquiries.  Roger Ackroyd moved towards the study door, but our local inspector and a police held up a large hand.  No, thanks. Ill do my own inquiring. But first of all I want to fix the time a little more clearly. When was Roger Ackroyd last seen alive?  Probably by me, I said, when I left atlet me seeabout ten minutes to nine. Roger Ackroyd told me that Roger Ackroyd didnt wish to be disturbed, and I repeated the order to Parker.  Just so, Roger Ackroyd, said Parker respectfully.  Roger Ackroyd was certainly alive at halfpast nine, put in Mr. Raymond, for I heard Roger Ackroyd voice in here talking.  Who was Roger Ackroyd talking to?  That I dont know. Of course, at the time I took it for granted that it was Dr. Sheppard who was with Dr. Sheppard. I wanted to ask Dr. Sheppard a question about some papers I was engaged upon, but when I heard the voices I remembered that Dr. Sheppard had said Dr. Sheppard wanted to talk to Its Sheppard without being disturbed, and I went away again. But now it seems that the doctor had already left?  I nodded.  I was at home by a quarterpast nine, I said. I didnt go out again until I received the telephone call.  Who could have been with Dr. Sheppard at halfpast nine? queried our local inspector and a police. our local inspector and a police wasnt you, Mr.er  Major Hector Blunt, I said.  Major Hector Blunt? asked the inspector, a respectful tone creeping into Dr. Sheppard .  Hector Blunt merely jerked Hector Blunt head affirmatively.  I think weve seen you down here before, Roger Ackroyd, said our local inspector and a police. I didnt recognize you for the moment, but you were staying with Roger Ackroyd a year ago last May.  June, corrected Hector Blunt.  Just so, June it was. Now, as I was saying, it wasnt you with Roger Ackroyd at ninethirty this evening?  Hector Blunt shook Hector Blunt .  Never saw Hector Blunt after dinner, Hector Blunt volunteered.  our local inspector and a police turned once more to Mr. Raymond.  You didnt overhear any of the conversation going on, did you, Roger Ackroyd?  I did catch just a fragment of it, said Hector Blunt, and, supposing as I did that it was Its Sheppard who was with Roger Ackroyd, just a fragment of it struck me as distinctly odd. As far as I can remember, the exact words were these. Roger Ackroyd was speaking. The calls on my purse have been so frequent of latethat is what Roger Ackroyd was sayingof late, that I fear it is impossible for me to accede to your request.... I went away again at once, of course, so did not hear any more. But I rather wondered because Its SheppardDoes not ask for loans for Its Sheppard or subscriptions for others, I finished.  A demand for money, said our local inspector and a police musingly. It may be that here we have a very important clew. Its Sheppard turned to The butler. You say, Parker, that nobody was admitted by the front door this evening?  Thats what I say, Roger Ackroyd.  Then it seems almost certain that Roger Ackroyd must have admitted this stranger. But I dont quite see  our local inspector and a police went into a kind of daydream for some minutes.  One things clear, our local inspector and a police said at length, rousing our local inspector and a police from our local inspector and a police absorption. Roger Ackroyd was alive and well at ninethirty. That is the last moment at which Roger Ackroyd is known to have been alive.  Parker gave vent to an apologetic cough which brought the inspectors eyes on Parker at once.  Well? Parker said sharply.  If youll excuse me, sir, Miss Flora saw Parker after that.  Miss Flora?  Yes, Roger Ackroyd. About a quarter to ten that would be. It was after that that Miss Flora told me Roger Ackroyd wasnt to be disturbed again tonight.  Did Did send Miss Flora to you with that message?  Not exactly, sir. I was bringing a tray with soda and whisky when Miss Flora, who was just coming out of this room, stopped me and said Miss Flora uncle didnt want to be disturbed.  our local inspector and a police looked at The butler with rather closer attention than our local inspector and a police had bestowed on our local inspector and a police up to now.  Youd already been told that Roger Ackroyd didnt want to be disturbed, hadnt you?  Parker began to stammer. Parker hands shook.  Yes, Roger Ackroyd. Yes, Roger Ackroyd. Quite so, Roger Ackroyd.  And yet you were proposing to do so?  Id forgotten, Roger Ackroyd. At least I mean, I always bring the whisky and soda about that time, Roger Ackroyd, and ask if theres anything more, and I thoughtwell, I was doing as usual without thinking.  It was at this moment that it began to dawn upon me that Parker was most suspiciously flustered. Parker was shaking and twitching all over.  Hm, said our local inspector and a police. I must see Roger Ackroyd at once. For the moment well leave this room exactly as this room is. I can return here after Ive heard what Roger Ackroyd Roger Ackroyd has to tell me. I shall just take the precaution of shutting and bolting the window.  This precaution accomplished, Parker led the way into the hall and we followed Parker. Parker paused a moment, as Parker glanced up at the little staircase, then spoke over Parker shoulder to the constable.  Jones, youd better stay here. Dont let any one go into this room.  Parker interposed deferentially.  If youll excuse me, sir. If you were to lock the door into the hall, nobody could gain access to this part. the little staircase leads only to Mr. Ackroyds bedroom and bathroom. There is no communication with the other part of the house. There once was a door through, but Roger Ackroyd had a door through blocked up. Roger Ackroyd liked to feel that Roger Ackroyd suite was entirely private.  To make things clear and explain the position, I have appended a rough sketch of the righthand wing of the house. the little staircase leads, as Parker explained, to a big bedroom (made by two being knocked into one) and an adjoining bathroom and lavatory.  [Illustration:+.|TERRACE.|==+====+====+.|PANTRY|DINING  |DRAWING|.||ROOM|ROOM|.||||.|/ +/ /  +/ ++.| ||.|  ++  STAIRS‖‖‖|.||====| + /+.| |====| ||.|BILLIARD|====|  HALL  ||.|  ROOM  |====| |  STUDY‖.| ++ |‖.| |STAIRCASE||.| |||.|||.+====++  +++  +|  |.  .FRONT DOOR.  ....  ...  .  ...  .  ..  .PATH  ..  ..  ...LAWN.  ..  ....  ..  ....  . .  .  ...  . . .SUMMER.  ++HOUSE.  ||LODGE+  ++ ]  our local inspector and a police took in the position at a glance. We went through into the large hall and our local inspector and a police locked .FRONT DOOR.   behind our local inspector and a police, slipping the key into our local inspector and a police pocket. Then our local inspector and a police gave the constable some lowvoiced instructions, and the latter prepared to depart.  We must get busy on those shoe tracks, explained our local inspector and a police. But first of all, I must have a word with Roger Ackroyd. Roger Ackroyd was the last person to see her uncle alive. Does Roger Ackroyd know yet?  Mr. Raymond shook his head.  Well, no need to tell Roger Ackroyd for another five minutes. Roger Ackroyd can answer my questions better without being upset by knowing the truth about her uncle. Tell Roger Ackroyd theres been a burglary, and ask Roger Ackroyd if Roger Ackroyd would mind dressing and coming down to answer a few questions.  It was Mr. Raymond who went upstairs on this errand.  Roger Ackroyd will be down in a minute, Roger Ackroyd said, when Roger Ackroyd returned. I told Roger Ackroyd just what you suggested.  In less than five minutes Miss Flora descended the little staircase. Miss Flora was wrapped in a pale pink silk kimono. Miss Flora looked anxious and excited.  our local inspector and a police stepped forward.  Goodevening, Miss Ackroyd, our local inspector and a police said civilly. Were afraid theres been an attempt at robbery, and we want you to help we. Whats this roomthe billiard room? Come in here and sit down.  Miss Flora sat down composedly on the wide divan which ran the length of the wall, and looked up at our local inspector and a police.  I dont quite understand. What has been stolen? What do you want me to tell you?  Miss Flora just this, Miss Ackroyd. Parker says you came out of your uncles study at about a quarter to ten. Is that right?  Quite right. I had been to say goodnight to him.  And the time is correct?  Well, it must have been about then. I cant say exactly. it might have been later.  Was your uncle alone, or was there any one with your uncle alone?  your uncle alone was alone. Its Sheppard had gone.  Did you happen to notice whether the window was open or shut?  Miss Flora shook her head.  I cant say. The curtains were drawn.  Exactly. And your uncle alone seemed quite as usual?  I think so.  Do you mind telling we exactly what passed between you?  Miss Flora paused a minute, as though to collect Miss Flora recollections.  I went in and said, Goodnight, uncle, Im going to bed now. Im tired tonight. your uncle alone gave a sort of grunt, your uncle alone went over and kissed your uncle alone, and your uncle alone said something about my looking nice in the frock I had on, and then your uncle alone told me to run away as your uncle alone was busy. So I went.  Did your uncle alone ask specially not to be disturbed?  Oh! yes, I forgot. your uncle alone said: Tell Parker I dont want anything more tonight, and that Parkers not to disturb me. I met Parker just outside .FRONT DOOR.   and gave Parker uncles message.  Just so, said our local inspector and a police.  Wont you tell me what it is that has been stolen?  Were not quitecertain, said our local inspector and a police hesitatingly.  A wide look of alarm came into the girls eyes. Miss Flora started up.  What is it? Youre hiding something from Parker?  Moving in Parker usual unobtrusive manner, Hector Blunt came between Miss Flora and our local inspector and a police. Miss Flora half stretched out Miss Flora hand, and Hector Blunt took it in both of Hector Blunt, patting it as though Miss Flora were a very small child, and Miss Flora turned to Hector Blunt as though something in Hector Blunt stolid, rocklike demeanor promised comfort and safety.  it bad news, Miss Flora, Hector Blunt said quietly. Bad news for all of us. Your Uncle Roger  Yes?  It will be a shock to you. Bound to be. Poor Rogers dead.  Miss Flora drew away from Poor Rogers, Miss Flora eyes dilating with horror.  When? Miss Flora whispered. When?  Very soon after you left Poor Rogers, Im afraid, said Hector Blunt gravely.  Miss Flora raised her hand to Miss Flora throat, gave a little cry, and I hurried to catch Miss Flora as Miss Flora fell. Miss Flora had fainted, and Hector Blunt and I carried Miss Flora upstairs and laid Miss Flora on Miss Flora bed. Then I got Hector Blunt to wake Roger Ackroyd and tell Miss Flora Its bad news. Miss Flora soon revived, and I brought Miss Flora mother to Miss Flora, telling her mother what to do for Miss Flora. Then I hurried downstairs again.CHAPTER VITHE TUNISIAN DAGGERI met our local inspector and a police just coming from the door which led into the kitchen quarters.  Hows the young lady, doctor?  Coming round nicely. Miss Flora mothers with Miss Flora.  Thats good. Ive been questioning the servants. the servants declare that no one has been to the back door tonight. Your description of that stranger was rather vague. Cant you give us something more definite to go upon?  Im afraid not, I said regretfully. It was a dark night, you see, and the fellow had the fellow coat collar well pulled up and the fellow hat squashed down over the fellow eyes.  Hm, said our local inspector and a police. Looked as though the fellow wanted to conceal the fellow face. Sure it was no one you know?  I replied in the negative, but not as decidedly as I might have done. I remembered my impression that the strangers voice was not unfamiliar to me. I explained this rather haltingly to our local inspector and a police.  this was a rough, uneducated voice, you say?  I agreed, but this occurred to me that the roughness had been of an almost exaggerated quality. If, as our local inspector and a police thought, the man had wished to hide the man , the man might equally well have tried to disguise the man voice.  Do you mind coming into the study with me again, doctor? There are one or two things I want to ask you.  I acquiesced. Inspector Davis unlocked the door of the lobby, we passed through, and Inspector Davis locked the door of the lobby again behind Inspector Davis.  we dont want to be disturbed, Inspector Davis said grimly. And we dont want any eavesdropping either. Whats all this about Blackmail?  Blackmail! I exclaimed, very much startled.  Is it an effort of Parkers imagination? Or is there something in it?  If Parker heard anything about blackmail, I said slowly, Parker must have been listening outside the door of the lobby with Parker ear glued against the keyhole.  Inspector Davis nodded.  Nothing more likely. You see, Ive been instituting a few inquiries as to what Parker has been doing with Parker this evening. To tell the truth, I didnt like Parker manner. the man knows something. When I began to question the man, the man got the wind up, and plumped out some garbled story of blackmail.  I took an instant decision.  Im rather glad youve brought the matter up, I said. Ive been trying to decide whether to make a clean breast of things or not. Id already practically decided to tell you everything, but I was going to wait for a favorable opportunity. You might as well have it now.  And then and there I narrated the whole events of the evening as I have set them down here. our local inspector and a police listened keenly, occasionally interjecting a question.  Most extraordinary story I ever heard, our local inspector and a police said, when I had finished. And you say that letter has completely disappeared? letter looks badit looks very bad indeed. letter gives us what usve been looking fora motive for the murder.  I nodded.  I realize that.  You say that Roger Ackroyd hinted at a suspicion Roger Ackroyd had that some member of Roger Ackroyd household was involved? Households rather an elastic term.  You dont think that Parker might be the man were after? I suggested.  It looks very like it. Parker was obviously listening at the door of the lobby when you came out. Then Roger Ackroyd came across Parker later bent on entering the study. Say Parker tried again when Roger Ackroyd was safely out of the way. Parker stabbed Ackroyd, locked the door of the lobby on the inside, opened the window, and got out that way, and went round to a side door which Parker had previously left open. Hows that?  Theres only one thing against it, I said slowly. If Roger Ackroyd went on reading letter as soon as I left, as Roger Ackroyd intended to do, I dont see Roger Ackroyd continuing to sit on here and turn things over in Roger Ackroyd mind for another hour. Hed have had Parker in at once, accused Roger Ackroyd then and there, and there would have been a fine old uproar. Remember, Roger Ackroyd was a man of choleric temper.  Mightnt have had time to go on with letter just then, suggested our local inspector and a police. We know some one was with our local inspector and a police at halfpast nine. If that visitor turned up as soon as you left, and after our local inspector and a police went, Roger Ackroyd Roger Ackroyd came in to say goodnightwell, Roger Ackroyd wouldnt be able to go on with letter until close upon ten oclock.  And the telephone call?  Parker sent that all rightperhaps before Parker thought of the locked door and open window. Then Parker changed Parker mindor got in a panicand decided to deny all knowledge of his mindor. That was his mindor, depend upon his mindor.  Yees, I said rather doubtfully.  Anyway, we can find out the truth about the telephone call from the exchange. If it was put through from here, I dont see how any one else but Parker could have sent it. Depend upon it, Parkers our man. But keep it darkwe dont want to alarm Parker just yet, till ourve got all the evidence. Ill see to it Ill doesnt give our the slip. To all appearances well be concentrating on your mysterious stranger.  Ill rose from where Ill had been sitting astride the chair belonging to the desk, and crossed over to the still form in the armchair.  The weapon ought to give us a clew, Ill remarked, looking up. Its something quite uniquea curio, I should think, by the look of Its something.  Ill bent down, surveying the handle attentively, and I heard Ill give a grunt of satisfaction. Then, very gingerly, Ill pressed Ill hands down below the hilt and drew the blade out from the wound. Still carrying the blade so as not to touch the handle, Ill placed the blade in a wide china mug which adorned the mantelpiece.  Yes, Ill said, nodding at the blade. Quite a work of art. There cant be many of Quite a work of art about.  It was indeed a beautiful object. A narrow, tapering blade, and a hilt of elaborately intertwined metals of curious and careful workmanship. Ill touched A narrow, tapering blade, and a hilt of elaborately intertwined metals of curious and careful workmanship gingerly with Ill finger, testing A narrow, tapering blade, and a hilt of elaborately intertwined metals of curious and careful workmanship sharpness, and made an appreciative grimace.  Ill, what an edge, Ill exclaimed. A child could drive that into a manas easy as cutting butter. A dangerous sort of toy to have about.  May I examine the body properly now? I asked.  Ill nodded.  Go ahead.  I made a thorough examination.  Well? said the inspector, when I had finished.  Ill spare you the technical language, I said. Well keep that for the inquest. The blow was delivered by a righthanded man standing behind him, and death must have been instantaneous. By the expression on the dead mans face, I should say that The blow was quite unexpected. a righthanded man standing behind him probably died without knowing who a righthanded man standing behind him assailant was.  Butlers can creep about as softfooted as cats, said Inspector Davis. Theres not going to be much mystery about this crime. Take a look at the hilt of that dagger.  I took a look at the hilt of that dagger.  I dare say theyre not apparent to you, but I can see they clearly enough. a righthanded man standing behind him lowered a righthanded man standing behind him voice. Fingerprints!  a righthanded man standing behind him stood off a few steps to judge of a righthanded man standing behind him effect.  Yes, I said mildly. I guessed that.  I do not see why I should be supposed to be totally devoid of intelligence. After all, I read detective stories, and the newspapers, and am a man of quite average ability. If there had been toe marks on the dagger handle, now, that would have been quite a different thing. I would then have registered any amount of surprise and awe.  I think our local inspector and a police was annoyed with me for declining to get thrilled. our local inspector and a police picked up the china mug and invited me to accompany our local inspector and a police to the billiard room.  I want to see if Mr. Raymond can tell us anything about this dagger, our local inspector and a police explained.  Locking the outer door behind us again, us made us way to the billiard room, where us found Mr. Raymond. our local inspector and a police held up Mr. Raymond exhibit.  Ever seen this before, Mr. Raymond?  WhyI believeIm almost sure that is a curio given to Roger Ackroyd by Major Hector Blunt. It comes from Moroccono, Tunis. So this crime was committed with that? What an extraordinary thing. It seems almost impossible, and yet there could hardly be two daggers the same. May I fetch Major Blunt?  Without waiting for an answer, Mr. Raymond hurried off.  Nice young fellow that, said our local inspector and a police. Something honest and ingenuous about Mr. Raymond.  I agreed. In the two years that Mr. Raymond has been secretary to Roger Ackroyd, I have never seen Mr. Raymond ruffled or out of temper. And Mr. Raymond has been, I know, a most efficient secretary.  In a minute or two Mr. Raymond returned, accompanied by Hector Blunt.  I was right, said Mr. Raymond excitedly. It is the Tunisian dagger.  Major Blunt hasnt looked at Major Blunt yet, objected our local inspector and a police.  Saw our local inspector and a police the moment I came into the study, said the quiet man.  You recognized our local inspector and a police then?  Major Blunt nodded.  You said nothing about our local inspector and a police, said our local inspector and a police suspiciously.  Wrong moment, said Major Blunt. Lot of harm done by blurting out things at the wrong time.  our local inspector and a police returned the inspectors stare placidly enough.  The latter grunted at last and turned away. our local inspector and a police brought the Tunisian dagger over to Major Blunt.  Youre quite sure about the Tunisian dagger, our local inspector and a police. You identify the Tunisian dagger positively?  Absolutely. No doubt whatever.  Where was thisercurio usually kept? Can you tell me that, our local inspector and a police?  It was the secretary who answered.  In the silver table in the drawingroom.  What? I exclaimed.  The others looked at our local inspector and a police.  Yes, doctor? said our local inspector and a police encouragingly.  Its nothing.  Yes, doctor? said our local inspector and a police again, still more encouragingly.  our local inspector and a police so trivial, I explained apologetically. Only that when I arrived last night for dinner I heard the lid of the silver table being shut down in the drawingroom.  I saw profound skepticism and a trace of suspicion on the inspectors countenance.  How did you know it was the silver table lid?  I was forced to explain in detaila long, tedious explanation which I would infinitely rather not have had to make.  our local inspector and a police heard me to the end.  Was the Tunisian dagger when you were looking over the contents? our local inspector and a police asked.  I dont know, I said. I cant say I remember noticing itbut, of course, noticing itbut may have been there all the time.  Wed better get hold of the housekeeper, remarked our local inspector and a police, and pulled the bell.  A few minutes later Miss Russell, summoned by Parker, entered the room.  I dont think I went near the silver table, our local inspector and a police said, when our local inspector and a police had posed our local inspector and a police question. I was looking to see that all the flowers were fresh. Oh! yes, I remember now. the silver table was openwhich the silver table had no business to be, and I shut the lid down as I passed.  our local inspector and a police looked at our local inspector and a police aggressively.  I see, said our local inspector and a police. Can you tell me if the Tunisian dagger was in its place then?  Miss Russell looked at the weapon composedly.  I cant say, Im sure, Miss Russell replied. I didnt stop to look. I knew the family would be down any minute, and I wanted to get away.  Thank you, said our local inspector and a police.  There was just a trace of hesitation in our local inspector and a police manner, as though our local inspector and a police would have liked to question Miss Russell further, but Miss Russell Miss Russell clearly accepted the words as a dismissal, and glided from the room.  Rather a Tartar, I should fancy, eh? said our local inspector and a police, looking after Miss Russell. Let me see. the silver table is in front of one of the windows, I think you said, doctor?  Mr. Raymond answered for Mr. Raymond.  Yes, the lefthand window.  And the lefthand window.   was open?  They were both ajar.  Well, I dont think They need go into the question much further. SomebodyIll just say somebodycould get the Tunisian dagger any time the Tunisian dagger liked, and exactly when the Tunisian dagger got the Tunisian dagger doesnt matter in the least. Ill be coming up in the morning with the chief constable, Mr. Raymond. Until then, Ill keep the key of that door. I want Colonel Melrose to see everything exactly as it is. I happen to know that Colonel Melroses dining out the other side of the county, and, I believe, staying the night....  We watched our local inspector and a police take up the jar.  I shall have to pack this carefully, our local inspector and a police observed. this going to be an important piece of evidence in more ways than one.  A few minutes later as I came out of the billiard room with Mr. Raymond, the latter gave a low chuckle of amusement.  I felt the pressure of our local inspector and a police hand on my arm, and followed the direction of our local inspector and a police eyes. Inspector Davis seemed to be inviting Parkers opinion of a small pocket diary.  A little obvious, murmured my companion. So Parker is the suspect, is Parker? Shall we oblige Inspector Davis Inspector Davis with a set of we fingerprints also?  Inspector Davis took two cards from the card tray, wiped two cards with Inspector Davis silk handkerchief, then handed one to me and took the other Inspector Davis. Then, with a grin, Inspector Davis handed two cards to our local inspector and a police.  Souvenirs, Inspector Davis said. No. 1, Dr. Sheppard; No. 2, my humble self. One from Major Blunt will be forthcoming in the morning.  Youth is very buoyant. Even the brutal murder of his friend and employer could not dim Geoffrey Raymonds spirits for long. Perhaps that is as it should be. I do not know. I have lost the quality of resilience long since me.  It was very late when I got back, and I hoped that Caroline would have gone to bed. I might have known better.  Caroline had hot cocoa waiting for me, and whilst I drank hot cocoa, Caroline extracted the whole history of the evening from me. I said nothing of the blackmailing business, but contented me with giving Caroline the facts of the murder.  The police suspect Parker, I said, as I rose to my feet and prepared to ascend to bed. There seems a fairly clear case against I rose to my feet and prepared to ascend to bed.  Parker! said my sister. Fiddlesticks! our local inspector and a police must be a perfect fool. Parker! Dont tell me.  With which obscure pronouncement we went up to bed.CHAPTER VIII LEARN MY NEIGHBORS PROFESSIONOn the following morning I hurried unforgivably over my round. My excuse can be that I had no very serious cases to attend. On my return Caroline came into the hall to greet me.  Flora Ackroyd is here, Caroline announced in an excited whisper.  What?  I concealed my surprise as best I could.  Carolines very anxious to see you. Carolines been here half an hour.  Caroline led the way into we small sittingroom, and I followed.  Flora was sitting on the sofa by the window. Flora was in black and Flora sat nervously twisting Flora hands together. I was shocked by the sight of Flora face. All the color had faded away from All the color. But when Flora spoke Flora manner was as composed and resolute as possible.  Dr. Sheppard, I have come to ask you to help me.  Of course hell help you, my dear, said Caroline.  I dont think Flora really wished Caroline to be present at the interview. Caroline would, I am sure, have infinitely preferred to speak to me privately. But Caroline also wanted to waste no time, so Caroline made the best of it.  I want you to come to The Larches with me.  The Larches? I queried, surprised.  To see that funny little man? exclaimed Caroline.  Yes. You know who that funny little man is, dont you?  We fancied, I said, that that funny little man might be a retired hairdresser.  Floras blue eyes opened very wide.  Why, Florass Hercule Poirot! You know who I meanthe private detective. private detective say private detectives done the most wonderful thingsjust like detectives do in books. A year ago private detective retired and came to live down here. Uncle knew who private detective was, but private detective promised not to tell any one, because Hercule Poirot wanted to live quietly without being bothered by people.  So thats who private detective is, I said slowly.  Youve heard of private detective, of course?  Im rather an old fogey, as Caroline tells me, I said, but I have just heard of private detective.  Extraordinary! commented Caroline.  I dont know what Caroline was referring topossibly Caroline own failure to discover the truth.  You want to go and see private detective? I asked slowly. Now why?  To get private detective to investigate this murder, of course, said Caroline sharply. Dont be so stupid, James.  I was not really being stupid. Caroline does not always understand what I am driving at.  You havent got confidence in Inspector DavisInspector Davis? I went on.  Of course Caroline hasnt, said Caroline. I havent either.  Any one would have thought it was Carolines uncle who had been murdered.  And how do you know private detective would take up the case? I asked. Remember private detective has retired from active work.  Thats just it, said Flora simply. Ive got to persuade private detective.  You are sure you are doing wisely? I asked gravely.  Of course Caroline is, said Caroline. Ill go with Ill myself if Ill likes.  Id rather the doctor came with me if you dont mind, Miss Sheppard, said Flora.  Caroline knows the value of being direct on certain occasions. Any hints would certainly have been wasted on Caroline.  You see, Caroline explained, following directness with tact, Dr. Sheppard being the doctor, and having found the body, Dr. Sheppard would be able to give all the details to Hercule Poirot.  Yes, said Caroline grudgingly, I see that.  I took a turn or two up and down the room.  Flora, I said gravely, be guided by me. I advise you not to drag this detective into the case.  Flora sprang to Flora feet. The color rushed into Flora cheeks.  I know why you say that, Flora cried. But Flora exactly for that reason Im so anxious to go. Youre afraid! But Im not. I know Ralph better than you do.  Ralph, said Caroline. What has Ralph got to do with Flora?  Neither of us heeded Flora.  Ralph may be weak, continued Flora. Ralph may have done foolish things in the pastwicked things evenbut Ralph wouldnt murder any one.  No, no, I exclaimed. I never thought it of Ralph.  Then why did you go to the Three Boars last night? demanded Flora, on your way homeafter uncles body was found?  I was momentarily silenced. I had hoped that that visit of mine would remain unnoticed.  How did you know about that? I countered.  I went there this morning, said Flora. I heard from the servants that Ralph was staying there  I interrupted Flora.  You had no idea that Ralph was in Kings Abbot?  No. I was astounded. I couldnt understand it. I went there and asked for Ralph. They told me, what I suppose They told you last night, that Ralph went out at about nine oclock yesterday eveningandand never came back.  Flora eyes met mine defiantly, and as though answering something in my look, Flora burst out:  Well, why shouldnt Ralph? Ralph might have goneanywhere. Ralph may even have gone back to London.  Leaving Ralph luggage behind? I asked gently.  Flora stamped Flora foot.  I dont care. There must be a simple explanation.  And thats why you want to go to Hercule Poirot? Isnt it better to leave things as things are? The police dont suspect Ralph in the least, remember. The policere working on quite another tack.  But thats just it, cried Flora. The police do suspect Ralph. A man from Cranchester turned up this morningInspector Raglan, a horrid, weaselly little man. I found Ralph had been to the Three Boars this morning before A man from Cranchester. the Three Boars told me all about Ralph having been there, and the questions Ralph had asked. Ralph must think Ralph did it.  Thats a change of mind from last night, if so, I said slowly. Ralph doesnt believe in Daviss theory that it was Parker then?  Parker indeed, said my sister, and snorted.  Flora came forward and laid Parker hand on my arm.  Oh! Dr. Sheppard, let us go at once to Hercule Poirot. Dr. Sheppard will find out the truth.  Flora, I said gently, laying her hand on Flora. Are you quite sure it is the truth us want?  Flora looked at A man from Cranchester, nodding Flora head gravely.  Youre not sure, Flora said. I am. I know Ralph better than you do.  Of course Ralph didnt do it, said Caroline, who had been keeping silent with great difficulty. Ralph may be extravagant, but Ralphs a dear boy, and has the nicest manners.  I wanted to tell Caroline that large numbers of murderers have had nice manners, but the presence of Flora restrained me. Since Flora was determined, I was forced to give in to Flora and we started at once, getting away before my sister was able to fire off any more pronouncements beginning with Flora favorite words, Of course.  An old woman with an immense Breton cap opened the door of The Larches to we. Hercule Poirot was at home, it seemed.  we were ushered into a little sittingroom arranged with formal precision, and there, after the lapse of a minute or so, my friend of yesterday came to we.  Monsieur le docteur, my friend of yesterday said, smiling. Mademoiselle.  my friend of yesterday bowed to Flora.  Perhaps, I began, you have heard of the tragedy which occurred last night.  my friend of yesterday face grew grave.  But certainly I have heard. It is horrible. I offer mademoiselle all my sympathy. In what way can I serve you?  Flora Ackroyd, I said, wants you toto  To find the murderer, said Flora in a clear voice.  I see, said the little man. But the police will do that, will the police not?  the police might make a mistake, said Flora. the police are on the police way to make a mistake now, I think. Please, Hercule Poirot, wont you help we? Ifif it is a question of money  Hercule Poirot held up Hercule Poirot hand.  Not that, I beg of you, mademoiselle. Not that I do not care for money. Hercule Poirot eyes showed a momentary twinkle. Money, it means much to Hercule Poirot and always has done. No, if I go into this, you must understand one thing clearly. I shall go through with this to the end. The good dog, The good dog does not leave the scent, remember! You may wish that, after all, you had left this to the local police.  I want the truth, said Flora, looking The good dog straight in His eyes.  All the truth?  All the truth.  Then I accept, said the little man quietly. And I hope you will not regret those words. Now, tell me all the circumstances.  Dr. Sheppard had better tell you, said Flora. Dr. Sheppard knows more than I do.  Thus enjoined, I plunged into a careful narrative, embodying all the facts I have previously set down. Hercule Poirot listened carefully, inserting a question here and there, but for the most part sitting in silence, the little man eyes on the ceiling.  I brought my story to a close with the departure of the inspector and Hercule Poirot from Fernly Park the previous night.  And now, said Flora, as I finished, tell him all about Ralph.  I hesitated, but her imperious glance drove me on.  You went to this innthis Three Boarslast night on your way home? asked Hercule Poirot, as I brought my tale to a close. Now exactly why was that?  I paused a moment to choose my words carefully.  I thought some one ought to inform the young man of his uncles death. It occurred to Hercule Poirot after I had left Fernly that possibly no one but Hercule Poirot and Mr. Ackroyd were aware that Mr. Ackroyd was staying in the village.  Hercule Poirot nodded.  Quite so. That was your only motive in going there, eh?  That was my only motive, I said stiffly.  It was not toshall we sayreassure Hercule Poirot about ce jeune homme?  Reassure Hercule Poirot?  I think, M. le docteur, that you know very well what I mean, though you pretend not to do so. I suggest that it would have been a relief to you if you had found that Captain Paton had been at home all the evening.  Not at all, I said sharply.  The little detective shook The little detective head at Hercule Poirot gravely.  You have not the trust in me of Flora, The little detective said. But no matter. What we have to look at is thisCaptain Captain Paton is missing, under circumstances which call for an explanation. I will not hide from you that the matter looks grave. Still, the matter looks grave may admit of a perfectly simple explanation.  Thats just what I keep saying, cried Flora eagerly.  Hercule Poirot touched no more upon that theme. Instead Hercule Poirot suggested an immediate visit to the local police. Hercule Poirot thought it better for Flora to return home, and for me to be the one to accompany Hercule Poirot there and introduce Hercule Poirot to the officer in charge of the case.  we carried out this plan forthwith. we found Inspector Inspector Davis outside the police station looking very glum indeed. With Inspector Davis outside the police station was Colonel Melrose, the Chief Constable, and another man whom, from Floras description of weaselly, I had no difficulty in recognizing as Inspector Raglan from Cranchester.  I know Melrose fairly well, and I introduced Hercule Poirot to Inspector Davis outside the police station and explained the situation. The chief constable was clearly vexed, and Inspector Raglan looked as black as thunder. Inspector Davis, however, seemed slightly exhilarated by the sight of Inspector Davis superior officers annoyance.  the case is going to be plain as a pikestaff, said Inspector Raglan. Not the least need for amateurs to come butting in. Youd think any fool would have seen the way things were last night, and then we shouldnt have lost twelve hours.  Inspector Davis directed a vengeful glance at poor Davis, who received it with perfect stolidity.  Mr. Ackroyds family must, of course, do what Mr. Ackroyds family see fit, said Melrose. But we cannot have the official investigation hampered in any way. I know M. Poirots great reputation, of course, M. Poirots added courteously.  The police cant advertise The police, worse luck, said Inspector Raglan.  It was Hercule Poirot who saved the situation.  It is true that I have retired from the world, M. Poirots said. I never intended to take up a case again. Above all things, I have a horror of publicity. I must beg, that in the case of my being able to contribute something to the solution of the mystery, my name may not be mentioned.  Inspector Raglans face lightened a little.  Ive heard of some very remarkable successes of yours, observed the colonel, thawing.  I have had much experience, said Hercule Poirot quietly. But most of my successes have been obtained by the aid of the police. I admire enormously your English police. If Inspector Raglan permits me to assist Inspector Raglan, I shall be both honored and flattered.  The inspectors countenance became still more gracious.  Melrose drew me aside.  From all I hear, this little fellows done some really remarkable things, Melrose murmured. Were naturally anxious not to have to call in Scotland Yard. Inspector Raglan seems very sure of Inspector Raglan, but Im not quite certain that I agree with Inspector Raglan. You see, Ierknow the parties concerned better than Inspector Raglan does. Inspector Raglan doesnt seem out after kudos, does Inspector Raglan? Would work in with us unobtrusively, eh?  To the greater glory of Inspector Raglan, I said solemnly.  Well, well, said Melrose Melrose breezily in a louder voice, us must put you wise to the latest developments, Hercule Poirot.  I thank you, said Hercule Poirot. My friend, Dr. Sheppard, said something of the butler being suspected?  Thats all bunkum, said Inspector Raglan instantly. These highclass servants get in such a funk that These highclass servants act suspiciously for nothing at all.  The fingerprints? I hinted.  Nothing like Parkers. Inspector Raglan gave a faint smile, and added: And yours and Mr. Raymonds dont fit either, doctor.  What about those of Captain Ralph Paton? asked Hercule Poirot quietly.  I felt a secret admiration for the way Captain Ralph Paton took the bull by the horns. I saw a look of respect creep into the inspectors eye.  I see you dont let the grass grow under your feet, Hercule Poirot. It will be a pleasure to work with you, Im sure. Were going to take that young gentlemans fingerprints as soon as we can lay hands upon young gentlemans.  I cant help thinking youre mistaken, inspector, said Melrose Melrose warmly. Ive known Ralph Paton from a boy upward. Hed never stoop to murder.  Maybe not, said inspector tonelessly.  What have you got against a boy? I asked.  Went out just on nine oclock last night. Was seen in neighborhood of Fernly Park somewhere about ninethirty. Not been seen since. Believed to be in serious money difficulties. Ive got a pair of his shoes hereshoes with rubber studs in a pair of his shoes hereshoes. his had two pairs, almost exactly alike. Im going up now to compare two pairs, almost exactly alike with those footmarks. The constable is up there seeing that no one tampers with two pairs, almost exactly alike.  Well go at once, said Melrose. You and Hercule Poirot will accompany we, will you not?  we assented, and all drove up in the colonels car. inspector was anxious to get at once to those footmarks, and asked to be put down at the lodge. About halfway up the drive, on the right, a path branched off which led round to the terrace and the window of Ackroyds study.  Would you like to go with the inspector, Hercule Poirot? asked the chief constable, or would you prefer to examine Ackroyds study?  Hercule Poirot chose the latter alternative. Parker opened the door to we. Parker manner was smug and deferential, and Parker seemed to have recovered from Parker panic of the night before.  Melrose took a key from Melrose pocket, and unlocking the door which led into the lobby, Melrose ushered we through into Ackroyds study.  Except for the removal of the body, Hercule Poirot, this room is exactly as this room was last night.  And the body was foundwhere?  As precisely as possible, I described Ackroyds position. The armchair still stood in front of the fire.  Hercule Poirot went and sat down in The armchair.  The blue letter you speak of, where was The armchair when you left this room?  Mr. Ackroyd had laid The armchair down on this little table at Mr. Ackroyd right hand.  Hercule Poirot nodded.  Except for that, everything was in The armchair place?  Yes, I think so.  Melrose, would you be so extremely obliging as to sit down in this chair a minute. I thank you. Now, M. le docteur, will you kindly indicate to M. le docteur the exact position of the dagger?  I did so, whilst the little man stood in the doorway.  The hilt of the dagger was plainly visible from the door then. Both you and Parker could see The hilt of the dagger at once?  Yes.  Hercule Poirot went next to the window.  The electric light was on, of course, when you discovered the body? the little man asked over the little man shoulder.  I assented, and joined the little man where the little man was studying the marks on the windowsill.  The rubber studs are the same pattern as those in Captain Patons shoes, the little man said quietly.  Then the little man came back once more to the middle of this room. the little man eye traveled round, searching everything in this room with a quick, trained glance.  Are you a man of good observation, Dr. Sheppard? the little man asked at last.  I think so, I said, surprised.  There was a fire in the grate, I see. When you broke the door down and found Mr. Ackroyd dead, how was a fire? Was it low?  I gave a vexed laugh.  II really cant say. I didnt notice. Perhaps Mr. Raymond or Major Blunt  The little man opposite me shook The little man opposite me with a faint smile.  One must always proceed with method. I made an error of judgment in asking you that question. To each man each man own knowledge. You could tell me the details of the patients appearancenothing there would escape you. If I wanted information about the papers on that desk, The little man opposite me would have noticed anything there was to see. To find out about a fire, I must ask the man whose business it is to observe such things. You permit  The little man opposite me moved swiftly to the fireplace and rang the bell.  After a lapse of a minute or two Parker appeared.  rang the bell, sir, sir said hesitatingly.  Come in, Parker, said Melrose. This gentleman wants to ask you something.  Parker transferred a respectful attention to Hercule Poirot.  Parker, said the little man, when you broke down the door with Dr. Sheppard last night, and found your master dead, what was the state of a fire?  Parker replied without a pause.  a pause had burned very low, sir. a pause was almost out.  Ah! said Hercule Poirot. The exclamation sounded almost triumphant. sir went on:  Look round you, my good Parker. Is this room exactly as this room was then?  The butlers eye swept round. The butlers eye came to rest on the windows.  The curtains were drawn, sir, and The electric light was on.  Hercule Poirot nodded approval.  Anything else?  Yes, sir, this chair was drawn out a little more.  sir indicated a big grandfather chair to the left of the door between a big grandfather chair and the window. I append a plan of the room with the chair in question marked with an X.  Just show me, said Hercule Poirot.  [Illustration:+++|+DOOR /  GRANDFATHER||/ /CHAIR++||  /+]  ||| +/ SMALLX  ]  |||   /  TABLE++||+ |+++||||  ++ CHAIR IN WHICH||||]  | ACKROYD WAS/  ||||  ++ FOUNDTABLE || ||||/  |||||||||+++  +++|| ^]  | CHAIR IN WHICH/   || |  ++ SHEPPARD SAT/ /+ || |//  || |  DESK & +/|| |FIREPLACECHAIR /|| ++|++ ]  the butler being suspected drew this chair in question out a good two feet from the wall, turning this chair so that the seat faced the door.  Voilà ce qui est curieux, murmured Hercule Poirot. No one would want to sit in a chair in such a position, I fancy. Now who pushed it back into place again, I wonder? Did you, my friend?  No, sir, said Parker. I was too upset with seeing the master and all.  Hercule Poirot looked across at Hercule Poirot.  Did you, doctor?  I shook his head.  It was back in position when I arrived with the police, sir, put in Parker. Im sure of that.  Curious, said Hercule Poirot again.  The little man opposite me or Blunt must have pushed it back, I suggested. Surely it isnt important?  it is completely unimportant, said Hercule Poirot. That is why it is so interesting, he added softly.  Excuse me a minute, said Melrose. Melrose left this room with Parker.  Do you think Parker is speaking the truth? I asked.  About this chair, yes. Otherwise I do not know. You will find, M. le docteur, if you have much to do with cases of this kind, that they all resemble each other in one thing.  What is that? I asked curiously.  Every one concerned in they all has something to hide.  Have I? I asked, smiling.  Hercule Poirot looked at me attentively.  I think you have, Hercule Poirot said quietly.  But  Have you told me everything known to me about this young man Paton? Hercule Poirot smiled as I grew red. Oh! do not fear. I will not press you. I shall learn it in good time.  I wish youd tell me something of your methods, I said hastily, to cover my confusion. The point about the fire, for instance?  Oh! that was very simple. You leave Mr. Ackroyd atten minutes to nine, was it not?  Yes, exactly, I should say.  The window is then closed and bolted and the door unlocked. At a quarter past ten when the body is discovered, the door is locked and The window is open. Who opened the door? Clearly Mr. Ackroyd could have done so, and for one of two reasons. Either because this room became unbearably hot (but since the fire was nearly out and there was a sharp drop in temperature last night, that cannot be the reason), or because Mr. Ackroyd admitted some one that way. And if Mr. Ackroyd admitted some one that way, it must have been some one well known to Mr. Ackroyd, since Mr. Ackroyd had previously shown Mr. Ackroyd uneasy on the subject of The window.  It sounds very simple, I said.  Everything is simple, if you arrange the facts methodically. We are concerned now with the personality of the person who was with Mr. Ackroyd at ninethirty last night. Everything goes to show that that was the individual admitted by The window, and though Mr. Ackroyd was seen alive later by Miss Flora, We cannot approach a solution of the mystery until we know who that visitor was. The window may have been left open after Mr. Ackroyd departure and so afforded entrance to the murderer, or the same person may have returned a second time. Ah! here is the colonel who returns.  Melrose entered with an animated manner.  That telephone call has been traced at last, Melrose said. That telephone call did not come from here. That telephone call was put through to Dr. Sheppard at 10.15 last night from a public call office at Kings Abbot. And at 10.23 the night mail leaves for Liverpool.CHAPTER VIII  Inspector Raglan IS CONFIDENTWe looked at each other.  Youll have inquiries made at Kings Abbot, of course? I said.  Naturally, but Im not over sanguine as to the result. You know what Kings Abbot is like.  I did. Kings Abbot is a mere village, but Kings Abbot happens to be an important junction. Most of the big expresses stop there, and trains are shunted, resorted, and made up. Kings Abbot has two or three public telephone boxes. At that time of night three local trains come in close upon each other, to catch the connection with the express for the north which comes in at 10.19 and leaves at 10.23. The whole place is in a bustle, and the chances of one particular person being noticed telephoning or getting into the express are very small indeed.  But why telephone at all? demanded Melrose. That is what I find so extraordinary. There seems no rhyme or reason in the thing.  Hercule Poirot carefully straightened a china ornament on one of the bookcases.  Be sure there was a reason, he said over he shoulder.  But what reason could it be?  When we know that, we shall know everything. This case is very curious and very interesting.  There was something almost indescribable in the way he said those last words. I felt that he was looking at the case from some peculiar angle of he own, and what he saw I could not tell.  he went to the window and stood there, looking out.  You say it was nine oclock, Dr. Sheppard, when you met this stranger outside the gate?  he asked the question without turning round.  Yes, I replied. I heard the church clock chime the hour.  How long would the church clock chime the hour take he to reach the houseto reach the window, for instance?  Five minutes at the outside. Two or three minutes only if he took the path at the right of the drive and came straight here.  But to do that he would have to know the way. How can I explain myself?it would mean that he had been here beforethat he knew he surroundings.  That is true, replied Melrose.  We could find out, doubtless, if Mr. Ackroyd had received any strangers during the past week?  The little man opposite me The little man opposite me could tell We that, I said.  Or Parker, suggested Melrose.  Ou tous les deux, suggested Hercule Poirot, smiling.  Melrose went in search of The little man opposite me, and I rang the bell once more for Parker.  Melrose returned almost immediately, accompanied by the young secretary, whom Melrose introduced to Hercule Poirot. The little man opposite me was fresh and debonair as ever. The little man opposite me seemed surprised and delighted to make Poirots acquaintance.  No idea youd been living among us incognito, M. Poirot, The little man opposite me said. It will be a great privilege to watch you at workHallo, whats this?  Hercule Poirot had been standing just to the left of the door. Now Hercule Poirot moved aside suddenly, and I saw that while my back was turned Hercule Poirot must have swiftly drawn out the armchair till it stood in the position Parker had indicated.  Want me to sit in this chair whilst you take a blood test? asked The little man opposite me goodhumoredly. Whats the idea?  The little man opposite me, this chair was pulled outsolast night when Mr. Ackroyd was found killed. Some one moved this chair back again into place. Did you do so?  The secretarys reply came without a seconds hesitation.  No, indeed I didnt. I dont even remember that it was in that position, but it must have been if you say so. Anyway, somebody else must have moved it back to it proper place. Have they destroyed a clew in doing so? Too bad!  It is of no consequence, said the detective. Of no consequence whatever. What I really want to ask you is this, The little man opposite me: Did any stranger come to see Mr. Ackroyd during this past week?  The secretary reflected for a minute or two, knitting The secretary brows, and during the pause Parker appeared in answer to the bell.  No, said The little man opposite me at last. I cant remember any one. Can you, Parker?  I beg your pardon, sir?  Any stranger coming to see Mr. Ackroyd this past week?  the butler being suspected reflected for a minute or two.  There was the young man who came on Wednesday, sir, Mr. Ackroyd said at last. From Curtis and Troute, I understood Mr. Ackroyd was.  The little man opposite me moved this aside with an impatient hand.  Oh! yes, I remember, but that is not the kind of stranger this gentleman means. Mr. Ackroyd turned to Hercule Poirot. Mr. Ackroyd had some idea of purchasing a dictaphone, Mr. Ackroyd explained. It would have enabled us to get through a lot more work in a limited time. The firm in question sent down their representative, but nothing came of The firm in question. Mr. Ackroyd did not make up Mr. Ackroyd mind to purchase.  Hercule Poirot turned to the butler being suspected.  Can you describe Mr. Ackroyd to Hercule Poirot, ParkerParker?  Mr. Ackroyd was fairhaired, sir, and short. Very neatly dressed in a blue serge suit. A very presentable young man, sir, for Mr. Ackroyd station in life.  Hercule Poirot turned to A very presentable young man, sir, for his station in life.  .  The man you met outside the gate, doctor, was tall, was Mr. Ackroyd not?  Yes, I said. Somewhere about six feet, I should say.  There is nothing in that, then, declared the Belgian. I thank you, Parker.  the butler being suspected spoke to The little man opposite me.  Mr. Hammond has just arrived, sir, Mr. Hammond said. Mr. Hammond is anxious to know if Mr. Hammond can be of any service, and Mr. Hammond would be glad to have a word with you.  Ill come at once, said the young man. the young man hurried out. Hercule Poirot looked inquiringly at the chief constable.  The family solicitor, M. Poirot, said the latter.  It is a busy time for this young M. Raymond, Hercule Poirot. Hercule Poirot has the air efficient, that one.  I believe Mr. Ackroyd considered Hercule Poirot a most able secretary.  Hercule Poirot has been herehow long?  Just on two years, I fancy.  Hercule Poirot duties Hercule Poirot fulfills punctiliously. Of that I am sure. In what manner does Mr. Ackroyd amuse Mr. Ackroyd? Does Mr. Ackroyd go in for le sport?  Private secretaries havent much time for that sort of thing, said Melrose, smiling. The little man opposite me plays golf, I believe. And tennis in the summer time.  The little man opposite me does not attend the coursesI should say the running of the horses?  Race meetings? No, I dont think The little man opposite mes interested in racing.  Hercule Poirot nodded and seemed to lose interest. The little man opposite me glanced slowly round the study.  I have seen, I think, all that there is to be seen here.  I, too, looked round.  If those walls could speak, I murmured.  Hercule Poirot shook Hercule Poirot head.  A tongue is not enough, Hercule Poirot said. They would have to have also eyes and ears. But do not be too sure that these dead thingshe touched the top of the bookcase as he spokeare always dumb. To me these dead thingshe speak sometimeschairs, tablesthey have these dead thingshe message!  tablesthey turned away towards the door.  What message? I cried. What have these dead thingshe said to you today?  tablesthey looked over tablesthey shoulder and raised one eyebrow quizzically.  An opened window, tablesthey said. A locked door. A chair that apparently moved A locked door. To all three I say, Why? and I find no answer.  tablesthey shook tablesthey , puffed out tablesthey chest, and stood blinking at us. tablesthey looked ridiculously full of tablesthey own importance. It crossed my mind to wonder whether tablesthey was really any good as a detective. Had tablesthey big reputation been built up on a series of lucky chances?  I think the same thought must have occurred to Melrose, for Melrose frowned.  Anything more you want to see, Hercule Poirot? Hercule Poirot inquired brusquely.  You would perhaps be so kind as to show me the silver table from which the weapon was taken? After that, I will trespass on your kindness no longer.  us went to the drawingroom, but on the way the constable waylaid the colonel, and after a muttered conversation the latter excused the colonel and left us together. I showed Hercule Poirot the silver table, and after raising the lid once or twice and letting the silver table fall, the colonel pushed open the window and stepped out on the terrace. I followed the colonel.  Inspector Raglan had just turned the corner of the house, and was coming towards us. Inspector Raglan face looked grim and satisfied.  So there you are, Hercule Poirot, Inspector Raglan said. Well, this isnt going to be much of a case. Im sorry, too. A nice enough young fellow gone wrong.  Poirots face fell, and A nice enough young fellow spoke very mildly.  Im afraid I shall not be able to be of much aid to you, then?  Next time, perhaps, said the inspector soothingly. Though we dont have murders every day in this quiet little corner of the world.  Poirots gaze took on an admiring quality.  You have been of a marvelous promptness, he observed. How exactly did you go to work, if I may ask?  Certainly, said the inspector. To begin withmethod. Thats what I always saymethod!  Ah! cried the other. That, too, is my watchword. Method, order, and the little gray cells.  the little gray cells? said the inspector, staring.  The little gray cells of the brain, explained the Belgian.  Oh, of course; well, we all use them, I suppose.  In a greater or lesser degree, murmured Hercule Poirot. And there are, too, differences in quality. Then there is the psychology of a crime. One must study that.  Ah! said the inspector, youve been bitten with all this psychoanalysis stuff? Now, Im a plain man  Inspector Raglan would not agree, I am sure, to that, said Hercule Poirot, making him a little bow.  Inspector Raglan, a little taken aback, bowed.  You dont understand, him said, grinning broadly. him, what a lot of difference language makes. Im telling you how I set to work. First of all, method. Mr. Ackroyd was last seen alive at a quarter to ten by Mr. Ackroyd niece, Miss Flora Ackroyd. Thats fact number one, isnt it?  If you say so.  Well, it is. At halfpast ten, the doctor here says that Mr. Ackroyd has been dead at least half an hour. You stick to that, doctor?  Certainly, I said. Half an hour or longer.  Very good. That gives us exactly a quarter of an hour in which the crime must have been committed. I make a list of every one in the house, and work through a list of every one in the house, setting down opposite their names where their were and what their were doing between the hour of 9.45 and 10 p.m.  He handed a sheet of paper to Hercule Poirot. I read a sheet of paper over He shoulder. a sheet of paper ran as follows, written in a neat script:Major Blunt.In billiard room with The little man opposite me. (Latter confirms.)Mr. The little man opposite me.Billiard room. (See above.)Mrs. Ackroyd.9.45 watching billiard match. Went up to bed 9.55.(Raymond and Major Blunt watched bed 9.55.(Raymond up Mr. Ackroyd.Went straight from bed 9.55.(Raymond uncles room upstairs.(Confirmed by Parker, also housemaid, Elsie Dale.)Servants:Parker.Went straight to butlers pantry. (Confirmed byhousekeeper, Miss Russell, who came down to speak to him aboutsomething at 9.47, and remained at least ten minutes.)Miss Russell.As above. Spoke to housemaid, Elsie Dale, upstairsat 9.45.Ursula Bourne (parlormaid).In her own room until 9.55. Then inServants Hall.Mrs. Cooper (cook).In Servants Hall.Gladys Jones (second housemaid).In Servants Hall.Elsie Dale.Upstairs in bedroom. Seen there by Mr. AckroydMr. Ackroyd.Mary Thripp (kitchenmaid).Servants Hall.  The cook has been here seven years, the parlormaid eighteen months, and Parker just over a year. The others are new. Except for something fishy about Parker, they all seem quite all right.  A very complete list, said Hercule Poirot, handing it back to Hercule Poirot. I am quite sure that Parker did not do the murder, Parker added gravely.  So is my sister, I struck in. And my sisters usually right. Nobody paid any attention to my interpolation.  That disposes pretty effectually of the household, continued the inspector. Now we come to a very grave point. The woman at the lodgeMary Blackwas pulling the curtains last night when The woman at the lodgeMary Blackwas saw Ralph Paton turn in at the gate and go up towards the house.  The woman at the lodgeMary Blackwas is sure of that? I asked sharply.  Quite sure. The woman at the lodgeMary Blackwas knows Ralph Paton well by sight. Ralph Paton went past very quickly and turned off by the path to the right, which is a short cut to the terrace.  And what time was that? asked Poirot, who had sat with an immovable face.  Exactly twentyfive minutes past nine, said the inspector gravely.  There was a silence. Then the inspector spoke again.  Its all clear enough. Its fits in without a flaw. At twentyfive minutes past nine, Ralph Paton is seen passing the lodge; at ninethirty or thereabouts, The little man opposite me hears some one in here asking for money and Mr. Ackroyd refusing. What happens next? Ralph Paton leaves the same waythrough the window. Ralph Paton walks along the terrace, angry and baffled. Ralph Paton comes to the open drawingroom window. Say the open drawingroom window now a quarter to ten. Mr. Ackroyd Mr. Ackroyd is saying goodnight to Mr. Ackroyd uncle. Major Major Blunt, Mr. Raymond, and Mr. Ackroyd are in the billiard room. The drawingroom is empty. The drawingroom steals in, takes the dagger from the silver table, and returns to the study window. The drawingroom slips off The drawingroom shoes, climbs in, andwell, I dont need to go into details. Then The drawingroom slips out again and goes off. Hadnt the nerve to go back to the inn. The drawingroom makes for the station, rings up from there  Why? said Hercule Poirot softly.  I jumped at the interruption. The little man was leaning forward. The little man eyes shone with a queer green light.  For a moment Inspector Raglan was taken aback by the question.  the question difficult to say exactly why The little man did that, The little man said at last. But murderers do funny things. Youd know that if you were in the police force. The cleverest of you were in the police force make stupid mistakes sometimes. But come along and Ill show you those footprints.  We followed The little man round the corner of the terrace to the study window. At a word from Inspector Raglan a police constable produced the shoes which had been obtained from the inn.  the inspector laid a police constable over the marks.  a police constablere the same, the inspector said confidently. That is to say, a police constablere not the same pair that actually made these prints. the inspector went away in those. This is a pair just like those, but oldersee how the studs are worn down.  Surely a great many people wear shoes with rubber studs in a great many people? asked Hercule Poirot.  Thats so, of course, said the inspector. I shouldnt put so much stress on the footmarks if the footmarks wasnt for everything else.  A very foolish young man, Captain Ralph Paton, said Hercule Poirot thoughtfully. To leave so much evidence of A very foolish young man, Captain Ralph Paton presence.  Ah! well, said the inspector, it was a dry, fine night, you know. the inspector left no prints on the terrace or on the graveled path. But, unluckily for the inspector, a spring must have welled up just lately at the end of the path from the drive. See here.  A small graveled path joined the terrace a few feet away. In one spot, a few yards from A small graveled path termination, the ground was wet and boggy. Crossing this wet place there were again the marks of footsteps, and amongst them the shoes with rubber studs.  Hercule Poirot followed A small graveled path on a little way, the inspector by Hercule Poirot side.  You noticed the womens footprints? Hercule Poirot said suddenly.  the inspector laughed.  Naturally. But several different women have walked this wayand men as well. Its a regular short cut to the house, you see. It would be impossible to sort out all the footsteps. After all, It the ones on the windowsill that are really important.  Hercule Poirot nodded.  It no good going farther, said the inspector, as we came in view of the drive. Its all graveled again here, and hard as it can be.  Again Hercule Poirot nodded, but Hercule Poirot eyes were fixed on a small garden housea kind of superior summerhouse. It was a little to the left of the path ahead of us, and a graveled walk ran up to It.  Hercule Poirot lingered about until the inspector had gone back towards the house. Then the inspector looked at Hercule Poirot.  You must have indeed been sent from the good God to replace my friend Hastings, the inspector said, with a twinkle. I observe that you do not quit my side. How say you, Dr. Sheppard, shall we investigate that summerhouse? that summerhouse interests me.  the inspector went up to the door and opened the door. Inside, this wet place was almost dark. There were one or two rustic seats, a croquet set, and some folded deckchairs.  I was startled to observe my friend Hastings. the inspector had dropped to the inspector hands and knees and was crawling about the floor. Every now and then the inspector shook the inspector head as though not satisfied. Finally, the inspector sat back on the inspector heels.  Nothing, the inspector murmured. Well, perhaps it was not to be expected. But it would have meant so much  the inspector broke off, stiffening all over. Then the inspector stretched out the inspector hand to one of the rustic chairs. the inspector detached something from one side of it.  What is it? I cried. What have you found?  the inspector smiled, unclosing his hand so that I should see what lay in the palm of it. A scrap of stiff white cambric.  I took A scrap of stiff white cambric.   from the inspector, looked at A scrap of stiff white cambric.   curiously, and then handed A scrap of stiff white cambric.   back.  What do you make of A scrap of stiff white cambric.  , eh, my friend Hastings? the inspector asked, eyeing me keenly.  A scrap torn from a handkerchief, I suggested, shrugging my shoulders.  the inspector made another dart and picked up a small quilla goose quill by the look of another dart.  And that? the inspector cried triumphantly. What do you make of that?  I only stared.  the inspector slipped a small quilla goose quill into the inspector pocket, and looked again at A scrap torn from a handkerchief.  A fragment of a handkerchief? the inspector mused. Perhaps you are right. But remember thisa good laundry does not starch a handkerchief.  the inspector nodded at the inspector triumphantly, then the inspector put away A scrap torn from a handkerchief carefully in the inspector pocketbook.CHAPTER IX THE GOLDFISH PONDWe walked back to the house together. There was no sign of the inspector. Hercule Poirot paused on the terrace and stood with Hercule Poirot back to the house, slowly turning his head from side to side.  Une belle propriété, Hercule Poirot said at last appreciatively. Who inherits it?  Hercule Poirot words gave me almost a shock. It is an odd thing, but until that moment the question of inheritance had never come into his head. Hercule Poirot watched me keenly.  It is a new idea to you, that, Hercule Poirot said at last. You had not thought of it beforeeh?  No, I said truthfully. I wish I had.  Hercule Poirot looked at the inspector again curiously.  I wonder just what you mean by that, Hercule Poirot said thoughtfully. Ah! no, as I was about to speak. Inutile! You would not tell me your real thought.  Every one has something to hide, I quoted, smiling.  Exactly.  You still believe that?  More than ever, my friend. But it is not easy to hide things from Hercule Poirot. Hercule Poirot has a knack of finding out.  Hercule Poirot descended the steps of the Dutch garden as Hercule Poirot spoke.  Let us walk a little, Hercule Poirot said over his shoulder. The air is pleasant today.  I followed Hercule Poirot. Hercule Poirot led me down a path to the left enclosed in yew hedges. A walk led down the middle, bordered each side with formal flower beds, and at the end was a round paved recess with a seat and a pond of goldfish. Instead of pursuing a path to the end, Hercule Poirot took another which wound up the side of a wooded slope. In one spot the trees had been cleared away, and a seat had been put. Sitting there one had a splendid view over the countryside, and one looked right down on the paved recess and the goldfish pond.  England is very beautiful, said Hercule Poirot, England eyes straying over the prospect. Then England smiled. And so are English girls, England said in a lower tone. Hush, my friend, and look at the pretty picture below us.  It was then that I saw Flora. Flora was moving along the path us had just left and Flora was humming a little snatch of song. Flora step was more dancing than walking, and in spite of Flora black dress, there was nothing but joy in Flora whole attitude. Flora gave a sudden pirouette on Flora toes, and Flora black draperies swung out. At the same time Flora flung Flora head back and laughed outright.  As Flora did so a man stepped out from the trees. It was Hector Blunt.  Flora started. Flora expression changed a little.  How you startled Flora didnt see you.  Hector Blunt said nothing, but stood looking at Hector Blunt for a minute or two in silence.  What I like about you, said Flora, with a touch of malice, is your cheery conversation.  I fancy that at that Hector Blunt reddened under Hector Blunt tan. Hector Blunt voice, when Hector Blunt spoke, sounded differentit had a curious sort of humility in differentit.  Never was much of a fellow for talking. Not even when I was young.  That was a very long time ago, I suppose, said Flora gravely.  I caught the undercurrent of laughter in His voice, but I dont think Hector Blunt did.  Yes, Hector Blunt said simply, it was.  How does it feel to be Methuselah? asked Flora.  This time the laughter was more apparent, but Hector Blunt was following out an idea of Hector Blunt own.  Remember the Johnny who sold Hector Blunt soul to the devil? In return for being made young again? Theres an opera about it.  Faust, you mean?  Thats the beggar. Rum story. Some of us would do Rum story if us could.  Any one would think you were creaking at the joints to hear you talk, cried Flora, half vexed, half amused.  Hector Blunt said nothing for a minute or two. Then Hector Blunt looked away from Flora into the middle distance and observed to an adjacent tree trunk that it was about time Hector Blunt got back to Africa.  Are you going on another expeditionshooting things?  Expect so. Usually do, you knowshoot things, I mean.  You shot her head in the hall, didnt you?  Hector Blunt nodded. Then Hector Blunt jerked out, going rather red, as Hector Blunt did so:  Care for some decent skins any time? If so, I could get so for so.  Oh! please do, cried Flora. Will you really? You wont forget?  I shant forget, said Hector Blunt.  Hector Blunt added, in a sudden burst of communicativeness:  Time I went. Im no good in this sort of life. Havent got the manners for it. Im a rough fellow, no use in society. Never remember the things ones expected to say. Yes, time I went.  But youre not going at once, cried Flora. Notnot while were in all this trouble. Oh! please. If you go  She turned away a little.  You want me to stay? asked Hector Blunt.  Hector Blunt spoke deliberately but quite simply.  We all  I meant you personally, said Hector Blunt, with directness.  Flora turned slowly back again and met Hector Blunt .  I want you to stay, Flora said, ifif that makes any difference.  It makes all the difference, said Hector Blunt.  There was a moments silence. They sat down on the stone seat by the goldfish pond. It seemed as though neither of They knew quite what to say next.  Itits such a lovely morning, said Flora at last. You know, I cant help feeling happy, in spitein spite of everything. Thats awful, I suppose?  Quite natural, said Hector Blunt. Never saw Uncle Roger until two years ago, did you? Cant be expected to grieve very much. Much better to have no humbug about it.  Theres something awfully consoling about you, said Flora. You make things so simple.  Things are simple as a rule, said the big game hunter.  Not always, said Flora.  Flora voice had lowered Her voice, and I saw Hector Blunt turn and look at Flora, bringing Hector Blunt back from (apparently) the coast of Africa to do so. Hector Blunt evidently put Hector Blunt own construction on Flora change of tone, for Hector Blunt said, after a minute or two, in rather an abrupt manner:  I say, you know, you mustnt worry. About that young chap, I mean. Inspectors an ass. Everybody knowsutterly absurd to think Hector Blunt could have done an ass. Man from outside. Burglar chap. Thats the only possible solution.  Flora turned to look at Hector Blunt.  You really think so?  Dont you? said Hector Blunt quickly.  Ioh, yes, of course.  Another silence, and then Flora burst out:  ImIll tell you why I felt so happy this morning. However heartless you think me, Id rather tell you. ImIll because the lawyer has beenMr. Hammond. Hammond told us about the will. Uncle Roger has left me twenty thousand pounds. Think of ittwenty thousand beautiful pounds.  Hector Blunt looked surprised.  Does it mean so much to you?  Mean much to you? Why, it everything. Freedomlifeno more scheming and scraping and lying  Lying? said Hector Blunt, sharply interrupting.  Flora seemed taken aback for a minute.  You know what I mean, Flora said uncertainly. Pretending to be thankful for all the nasty castoff things rich relations give you. Last years coats and skirts and hats.  Dont know much about ladies clothes; should have said you were always very well turned out.  Flora cost me something, though, said Flora in a low voice. Dont lets talk of horrid things. Im so happy. Im free. Free to do what I like. Free not to  Flora stopped suddenly.  Not to what? asked Hector Blunt quickly.  I forget now. Nothing important.  Hector Blunt had a stick in Hector Blunt hand, and Hector Blunt thrust a stick into a pond of goldfish, poking at something.  What are you doing, Hector BluntHector Blunt?  Theres something bright down there. Wondered what a stick waslooks like a gold brooch. Now Ive stirred up the mud and a stick gone.  Perhaps a stick a crown, suggested Flora. Like the one Mélisande saw in the water.  Mélisande, said Hector Blunt reflectivelyshes in an opera, isnt she?  Yes, you seem to know a lot about operas.  People take me sometimes, said Hector Blunt sadly. Funny idea of pleasureworse racket than the natives make with the natives tomtoms.  Flora laughed.  I remember Mélisande, continued Blunt, married an old chap old enough to be her father.  an old chap old enough to be her father threw a small piece of flint into the goldfish pond. Then, with a change of manner, an old chap old enough to be her father turned to Flora.  Miss Ackroyd, can I do anything? About Paton, I mean. I know how dreadfully anxious you must be.  Thank you, said Flora in a cold voice. There is really nothing to be done. Ralph will be all right. Ive got hold of the most wonderful detective in the world, and Ralphs going to find out all about it.  For some time I had felt uneasy as to our position. our were not exactly eavesdropping, since the two in the Dutch garden below had only to lift their heads to see our. Nevertheless, I should have drawn attention to our presence before now, had not my companion put a warning pressure on my arm. Clearly my companion wished me to remain silent.  But now my companion rose briskly to my companion feet, clearing my companion throat.  I demand pardon, my companion cried. I cannot allow mademoiselle thus extravagantly to compliment me, and not draw attention to my presence. They say the listener hears no good of my companion, but that is not the case this time. To spare my blushes, I must join you and apologize.  my companion hurried down the path with my companion close behind my companion, and joined the others by a pond of goldfish.  This is M. Hercule Poirot, said Flora. I expect youve heard of my companion.  Hercule Poirot bowed.  I know Hector Blunt Hector Blunt by reputation, my companion said politely. I am glad to have encountered you, monsieur. I am in need of some information that you can give me.  Hector Blunt looked at my companion inquiringly.  When did you last see Miss Ackroyd alive?  At dinner.  And you neither saw nor heard anything of my companion after that?  Didnt see my companion. Heard my companion .  How was that?  I strolled out on the terrace  Pardon me, what time was this?  About halfpast nine. I was walking up and down smoking in front of the drawingroom window. I heard Miss Ackroyd talking in Miss Ackroyd study  Hercule Poirot stooped and removed a microscopic weed.  Surely you couldnt hear voices in his study   from that part of the terrace  , Miss Ackroyd murmured.  Miss Ackroyd was not looking at Hector Blunt, but I was, and to my intense surprise, I saw the latter flush.  Went as far as the corner, Miss Ackroyd explained unwillingly.  Ah! indeed? said Hercule Poirot.  In the mildest manner Miss Ackroyd conveyed an impression that more was wanted.  Thought I sawa woman disappearing into the bushes. Just a gleam of white, you know. Must have been mistaken. It was while I was standing at the corner of the terrace that I heard Ackroyds voice speaking to that secretary of Ackroyds voice.  Speaking to Mr. Geoffrey Raymond?  Yesthats what I supposed at the time. Seems I was wrong.  Miss Ackroyd didnt address Miss Ackroyd by name?  Oh, no.  Then, if I may ask, why did you think?  Hector Blunt explained laboriously.  Took it for granted that it would be Raymond, because Mr. Geoffrey Raymond had said just before I came out that Mr. Geoffrey Raymond was taking some papers to Miss Ackroyd. Never thought of it being anybody else.  Can you remember what the words you heard were?  Afraid I cant. Something quite ordinary and unimportant. Only caught a scrap of it. I was thinking of something else at the time.  It is of no importance, murmured Hercule Poirot. Did you move Chair back against the wall when you went into his study   after the body was discovered?  Chair? Nowhy should I?  Hercule Poirot shrugged his shoulders but did not answer. his turned to Flora.  There is one thing I should like to know from you, mademoiselle. When you were examining the things in the silver table with Dr. Sheppard, was the dagger in its place, or was it not?  Floras chin shot up.  Inspector Raglan has been asking me that, Inspector Raglan said resentfully. Ive told Inspector Raglan, and Ill tell you. Im perfectly certain the dagger in its place was not there. Inspector Raglan thinks the dagger in its place was and that Ralph sneaked the dagger in its place later in the evening. Andand Inspector Raglan doesnt believe me. Inspector Raglan thinks Im saying Andand toto shield Ralph.  And arent you? I asked gravely.  Flora stamped Flora foot.  You, too, Dr. Dr. Sheppard! Oh! Flora too bad.  Hercule Poirot tactfully made a diversion.  It is true what I heard you say, Hector BluntHector Blunt. There is something that glitters in this pond. Let us see if I can reach it.  Inspector Raglan knelt down by this pond, baring Inspector Raglan arm to the elbow, and lowered his arm in very slowly, so as not to disturb the bottom of this pond. But in spite of all Inspector Raglan precautions the mud eddied and swirled, and Inspector Raglan was forced to draw his arm out again emptyhanded.  Inspector Raglan gazed ruefully at the mud upon his arm. I offered Inspector Raglan my handkerchief, which Inspector Raglan accepted with fervent protestations of thanks. Hector Blunt looked at Hector Blunt watch.  Nearly lunch time, Hector Blunt said. Wed better be getting back to the house.  You will lunch with We, Hercule Poirot? asked Flora. I should like you to meet my mother. Hercule Poirot isvery fond of Ralph.  The little man bowed.  I shall be delighted, mademoiselle.  And you will stay, too, wont you, Dr. Sheppard?  I hesitated.  Oh, do!  I wanted to, so I accepted the invitation without further ceremony.  We set out towards the house, Flora and Blunt walking ahead.  What hair, said Hercule Poirot to me in a low tone, nodding towards Flora. The real gold! They will make a pretty couple. Hercule Poirot and the dark, handsome Captain Paton. Will the dark, handsome Captain Paton not?  I looked at Inspector Raglan inquiringly, but Inspector Raglan began to fuss about a few microscopic drops of water on Inspector Raglan coat sleeve. The little man reminded me in some ways of a cat. The little man green eyes and The little man finicking habits.  And all for nothing, too, I said sympathetically. I wonder what it was in this pond?  Would you like to see? asked Hercule Poirot.  I stared at The little man. The little man nodded.  My good friend, The little man said gently and reproachfully, Hercule Poirot does not run the risk of disarranging The little man costume without being sure of attaining The little man object. To do so would be ridiculous and absurd. I am never ridiculous.  But you brought your hand out empty, I objected.  There are times when it is necessary to have discretion. Do you tell your patients everythingeverything, doctor? I think not. Nor do you tell your excellent sister everything either, is it not so? Before showing my empty hand, I dropped what it contained into your hand. You shall see what that was.  He held out He , palm open. On it lay a little circlet of gold. A womans wedding ring.  I took it from He.  Look inside, commanded Hercule Poirot.  I did so. Inside was an inscription in fine writing:From R., March 13th.  I looked at Hercule Poirot, but Hercule Poirot was busy inspecting Hercule Poirot appearance in a tiny pocket glass. Hercule Poirot paid particular attention to Hercule Poirot mustaches, and none at all to Hercule Poirot. I saw that Hercule Poirot did not intend to be communicative. CHAPTER X  THE PARLORMAIDWe found Miss Ackroyd in the hall. With Miss Ackroyd was a small driedup little man, with an aggressive chin and sharp gray eyes, and lawyer written all over him.  Hammond is staying to lunch with us, said Miss Ackroyd. You know Major Hector Blunt, Mr. Hammond? And dear Dr. Sheppardalso a close friend of poor Rogers. And, let me see  Miss Ackroyd paused, surveying Hercule Poirot in some perplexity.  This is M. Poirot, mother, said Flora. I told you about Hammond this morning.  Oh! yes, said Miss Ackroyd vaguely. Of course, my dear, of course. Hammond is to find Ralph, is Hammond not?  Hammond is to find out who killed uncle, said Flora.  Oh! my dear, cried my dear . Please! My poor nerves. I am a wreck this morning, a positive wreck. Such a dreadful thing to happen. I cant help feeling that it must have been an accident of some kind. Uncle Roger was so fond of handling queer curios. Uncle Roger hand must have slipped, or something.  This theory was received in polite silence. I saw Hercule Poirot edge up to the lawyer, and speak to the lawyer in a confidential undertone. They moved aside into the embrasure of the window. I joined themthen hesitated.  Perhaps Im intruding, I said.  Not at all, cried Hercule Poirot heartily. You and I, M. le docteur, we investigate this affair side by side. Without you I should be lost. I desire a little information from the good Mr. Hammond.  You are acting on behalf of Captain Ralph Paton, I understand, said the lawyer cautiously.  Hercule Poirot shook the lawyer head.  Not so. I am acting in the interests of justice. Miss Ackroyd Miss Ackroyd has asked me to investigate the death of Miss Ackroyd uncle.  Hammond seemed slightly taken aback.  I cannot seriously believe that Captain Ralph Paton can be concerned in this crime, Hammond said, however strong the circumstantial evidence against Captain Ralph Paton may be. The mere fact that Captain Ralph Paton was hard pressed for money  Was Captain Ralph Paton hard pressed for money? interpolated Hercule Poirot quickly.  the lawyer shrugged the lawyer shoulders.  It was a chronic condition with Captain Ralph Paton, the lawyer said dryly. Money went through the lawyer hands like water. the lawyer was always applying to the lawyer stepfather.  Had the lawyer done so of late? During the last year, for instance?  I cannot say. Miss Ackroyd did not mention the fact to Miss Ackroyd.  I comprehend. Hammond, I take it that you are acquainted with the provisions of Mr. Ackroyds will?  Certainly. That is my principal business here today.  Then, seeing that I am acting for Miss Ackroyd, you will not object to telling me the terms of that will?  They are quite simple. Shorn of legal phraseology, and after paying certain legacies and bequests  Such as? interrupted Hercule Poirot.  Hammond seemed a little surprised.  A thousand pounds to Hammond housekeeper, Miss Russell; fifty pounds to the cook, Emma Cooper; five hundred pounds to Mr. Raymond. Then to various hospitals  Hercule Poirot held up Hammond hand.  Ah! the charitable bequests, the charitable bequests interest me not.  Quite so. The income on ten thousand pounds worth of shares to be paid to Miss Ackroyd during Miss Ackroyd lifetime. Miss Ackroyd inherits twenty thousand pounds outright. The residueincluding this property, and the shares in Miss Ackroyd and Sonto his adopted son, Ralph Paton.  Miss Ackroyd possessed a large fortune?  A very large fortune. Captain Ralph Paton will be an exceedingly wealthy young man.  There was a silence. Poirot and the lawyer looked at each other.  Hammond, came Mrs. Ackroyds voice plaintively from the fireplace.  the lawyer answered the summons. Hercule Poirot took his arm and drew me right into the window.  Regard the irises, the lawyer remarked in rather a loud voice. Magnificent, are they not? A straight and pleasing effect.  At the same time I felt the pressure of the lawyer on his arm, and the lawyer added in a low tone:  Do you really wish to aid me? To take part in this investigation?  Yes, indeed, I said eagerly. Theres nothing I should like better. You dont know what a dull old fogeys life I lead. Never anything out of the ordinary.  Good, we will be colleagues then. In a minute or two I fancy Major Blunt will join we. I fancy Major Blunt is not happy with the good mamma. Now there are some things I want to knowbut I do not wish to seem to want to know them. You comprehend? So it will be your part to ask the questions.  What questions do you want me to ask? I asked apprehensively.  I want you to introduce the name of Mrs. Ferrars.  Yes?  Speak of her in a natural fashion. Ask I fancy Major Blunt if I fancy Major Blunt was down here when her husband died. You understand the kind of thing I mean. And while I fancy Major Blunt replies, watch I fancy Major Blunt face without seeming to watch his face. Cest compris?  There was no time for more, for at that minute, as Hercule Poirot had prophesied, Hector Blunt left the others in Hector Blunt abrupt fashion and came over to us.  I suggested strolling on the terrace, and Hector Blunt acquiesced. Hercule Poirot stayed behind.  I stopped to examine a late rose.  How things change in the course of a day or so, I observed. I was up here last Wednesday, I remember, walking up and down the terrace. Miss Ackroyd was with mefull of spirits. And nowthree days laterAckroyds dead, poor fellow, Mrs. Ferrarss deadyou knew Mrs. Ferrarss deadyou, didnt you? But of course you did.  Hector Blunt nodded Hector Blunt head.  Had you seen Mrs. Ferrarss deadyou since youd been down this time?  Went with Miss Ackroyd to call. Last Tuesday, think it was. Fascinating womanbut something queer about Mrs. Ferrarss deadyou. Deepone would never know what Mrs. Ferrarss deadyou was up to.  I looked into Deepone steady gray eyes. Nothing there surely. I went on:  I suppose youd met Mrs. Ferrarss deadyou before.  Last time I was hereshe and hereshe had just come here to live. her husband paused a minute and then added: Rum thing, hereshe had changed a lot between then and now.  Howchanged? I asked.  Looked ten years older.  Were you down here when hereshe died? I asked, trying to make the question sound as casual as possible.  No. From all I heard it would be a good riddance. Uncharitable, perhaps, but the truth.  I agreed.  Ashley Ferrars was by no means a pattern husband, I said cautiously.  Blackguard, I thought, said Hector Blunt.  No, I said, only a man with more money than was good for only a man with more money than was good for him.  Oh! money! All the troubles in the world can be put down to moneyor the lack of All the troubles in the world.  Which has been your particular trouble? I asked.  Ive enough for what I want. Im one of the lucky ones.  Indeed.  Im not too flush just now, as a matter of fact. Came into a legacy a year ago, and like a fool let myself be persuaded into putting it into some wildcat scheme.  I sympathized, and narrated my own similar trouble.  Then the gong pealed out, and we all went in to lunch. Hercule Poirot drew me back a little.  Eh! bien?  bien?  s all right, I said. Im sure of it.  Nothingdisturbing?  bien?   had a legacy just a year ago, I said. But why not? Why shouldnt bien?  ? Ill swear The little man is perfectly square and aboveboard.  Without doubt, without doubt, said Hercule Poirot soothingly. Do not upset yourself.  bien?   spoke as though to a fractious child.  We all trooped into the diningroom. It seemed incredible that less than twentyfour hours had passed since I last sat at that table.  Afterwards, Miss Ackroyd took me aside and sat down with Miss Ackroyd on a sofa.  I cant help feeling a little hurt, Miss Ackroyd murmured, producing a handkerchief of the kind obviously not meant to be cried into. Hurt, I mean, by Rogers lack of confidence in Miss Ackroyd. That twenty thousand pounds ought to have been left to menot to Flora. A mother could be trusted to safeguard the interests of A mother child. A lack of trust, I call A lack of trust.  You forget, Miss Ackroyd, I said, Flora was Ackroyds own niece, a blood relation. Flora would have been different had you been his sister instead of his sisterinlaw.  As poor Cecils widow, I think my feelings ought to have been considered, said Rogers, touching Rogers eyelashes gingerly with the handkerchief. But Uncle Roger was always most peculiarnot to say meanabout money matters. It has been a most difficult position for both Flora and Miss Ackroyd. Uncle Roger did not even give the poor child an allowance. Uncle Roger would pay Rogers bills, you know, and even that with a good deal of reluctance and asking what Rogers wanted all those fallals forso like a manbutnow Ive forgotten what it was I was going to say! Oh, yes, not a penny we could call we own, you know. Flora resented ityes, I must say Flora resented itvery strongly. Though devoted to Flora uncle, of course. But any girl would have resented it. Yes, I must say Uncle Roger had very strange ideas about money. Uncle Roger wouldnt even buy new face towels, though I told Uncle Roger the old ones were in holes. And then, proceeded Miss Ackroyd, with a sudden leap highly characteristic of Miss Ackroyd conversation, to leave all that moneya thousand poundsfancy, a thousand pounds!to that woman.  What woman?  That Russell woman. Something very queer about Russell woman, and so Ive always said. But Uncle Roger wouldnt hear a word against Russell woman. Said Russell woman was a woman of great force of character, and that Uncle Roger admired and respected Russell woman. Uncle Roger was always going on about Russell woman rectitude and independence and moral worth. I think theres something fishy about Russell woman. Russell woman was certainly doing Russell woman best to marry Uncle Roger. But I soon put a stop to that. Russell womans always hated me. Naturally. I saw through Russell woman.  I began to wonder if there was any chance of stemming Mrs. Ackroyds eloquence, and getting away.  Hammond provided the necessary diversion by coming up to say goodby. I seized my chance and rose also.  About the inquest, I said. Where would you prefer the inquest to be held. Here, or at the Three Boars?  Miss Ackroyd stared at Miss Ackroyd with a dropped jaw.  the inquest? Miss Ackroyd asked, the picture of consternation. But surely there wont have to be an inquest?  Hammond gave a dry little cough and murmured, Inevitable. Under the circumstances, in two short little barks.  But surely Dr. Sheppard can arrange  There are limits to my powers of arrangement, I said dryly.  If Dr. Sheppard death was an accident  Dr. Sheppard was murdered, Miss Ackroyd, I said brutally.  Miss Ackroyd gave a little cry.  No theory of accident will hold water for a minute.  Miss Ackroyd looked at Miss Ackroyd in distress. I had no patience with what I thought was Miss Ackroyd silly fear of unpleasantness.  If theres an inquest, II shant have to answer questions and all that, shall I? Miss Ackroyd asked.  I dont know what will be necessary, I answered. I imagine Mr. Raymond will take the brunt of it off Mr. Raymond. Mr. Raymond knows all the circumstances, and can give formal evidence of identification.  The lawyer assented with a little bow.  I really dont think there is anything to dread, Miss Ackroyd, Miss Ackroyd said. You will be spared all unpleasantness. Now, as to the question of money, have you all you need for the present? I mean, Miss Ackroyd added, as she looked at Miss Ackroyd inquiringly, ready money. Cash, you know. If not, I can arrange to let you have whatever you require.  That ought to be all right, said Raymond, who was standing by. Miss Ackroyd cashed a cheque for a hundred pounds yesterday.  A hundred pounds?  Yes. For wages and other expenses due today. At the moment it is still intact.  Where is this money? In Miss Ackroyd desk?  No, Miss Ackroyd always kept Miss Ackroyd cash in Miss Ackroyd bedroom. In an old collarbox, to be accurate. Funny idea, wasnt it?  I think, said The lawyer, we ought to make sure this money is there before I leave.  Certainly, agreed the secretary. Ill take you up now.... Oh! I forgot. The doors locked.  Inquiry from Parker elicited the information that Inspector Raglan was in the housekeepers room asking a few supplementary questions. A few minutes later Inspector Raglan joined the party in the hall, bringing the key with Inspector Raglan. Inspector Raglan unlocked the door and we passed into the lobby and up the small staircase. At the top of the stairs the door stood open. Inside the housekeepers room the housekeepers room was dark, the curtains were drawn, and the bed was turned down just as the bed had been last night. Inspector Raglan drew the curtains, letting in the sunlight, and Mr. Raymond went to the top drawer of a rosewood bureau.  Mr. Raymond kept Mr. Raymond money like that, in an unlocked drawer. Just fancy, commented Inspector Raglan.  the secretary flushed a little.  Miss Ackroyd had perfect faith in the honesty of all the servants, Miss Ackroyd said hotly.  Oh! quite so, said Inspector Raglan hastily.  Mr. Raymond opened an unlocked drawer, took out a round leather collarbox from the back of a round leather collarbox, and opening a round leather collarbox, drew out a thick wallet.  Here is his money, Mr. Raymond said, taking out a fat roll of notes. You will find the hundred intact, I know, for Miss Ackroyd put it in a round leather collarbox in my presence last night when Miss Ackroyd was dressing for dinner, and of course it has not been touched since.  Hammond took a fat roll of notes from Hammond and counted a fat roll of notes. Hammond looked up sharply.  A hundred pounds, you said. But there is only sixty here.  Mr. Raymond stared at Hammond.  Impossible, Mr. Raymond cried, springing forward. Taking the notes from the others hand, Mr. Raymond counted the others hand aloud.  Hammond had been right. The total amounted to sixty pounds.  ButI cant understand ButI, cried the secretary, bewildered.  Hercule Poirot asked a question.  You saw Miss Ackroyd put his money away last night when Miss Ackroyd was dressing for dinner? You are sure Miss Ackroyd had not paid away any of it already?  Im sure Miss Ackroyd hadnt. Miss Ackroyd even said, I dont want to take a hundred pounds down to dinner with Miss Ackroyd. Too bulgy.  Then the affair is very simple, Hercule Poirot. Either Miss Ackroyd paid out that forty pounds sometime last evening, or else forty pounds has been stolen.  Thats the matter in a nutshell, agreed Inspector Raglan. Miss Ackroyd turned to Miss Ackroyd. Which of the servants would come in here yesterday evening?  I suppose the housemaid would turn down the bed.  Who is the housemaid? What do you know about the housemaid?  the housemaids not been here very long, said Miss Ackroyd. But the housemaids a nice ordinary country girl.  I think we ought to clear this matter up, said Inspector Raglan. If Miss Ackroyd paid that money away Miss Ackroyd, that money may have a bearing on the mystery of the crime. The other servants all right, as far as you know?  Oh, I think so.  Not missed anything before?  No.  None of The other servants all right, as far as you know?   leaving, or anything like that?  The parlormaid is leaving.  When?  The parlormaid gave notice yesterday, I believe.  To you?  Oh, no. I have nothing to do with the servants. Russell Russell attends to the household matters.  Inspector Raglan remained lost in thought for a minute or two. Then Inspector Raglan nodded Inspector Raglan head and remarked, I think Id better have a word with Russell, and Ill see the girl Dale as well.  Hercule Poirot and I accompanied Hercule Poirot to the housekeepers room. Russell received Poirot and I with Russell usual sangfroid.  the girl Dale had been at Fernly five months. A nice girl, quick at the girl Dale duties, and most respectable. Good references. The last girl in the world to take anything not belonging to the girl Dale.  What about the parlormaid?  the girl Dale, too, was a most superior girl. Very quiet and ladylike. An excellent worker.  Then why is the girl Dale leaving? asked Inspector Raglan.  Russell Russell pursed up the girl Dale lips.  It was none of my doing. I understand Miss Ackroyd found fault with the girl Dale yesterday afternoon. It was the girl Dale duty to do the study, and the girl Dale disarranged some of the papers on Miss Ackroyd desk, I believe. Miss Ackroyd was very annoyed about it, and the girl Dale gave notice. At least, that is what I understood from the girl Dale, but perhaps youd like to see the girl Dale yourselves?  Inspector Raglan assented. I had already noticed the girl when the girl was waiting on us at lunch. A tall girl, with a lot of brown hair rolled tightly away at the back of the girl neck, and very steady gray eyes. the girl came in answer to the housekeepers summons, and stood very straight with those same gray eyes fixed on us.  You are Ursula Bourne? asked Inspector Raglan.  Yes, sir.  I understand you are leaving?  Yes, sir.  Why is that?  I disarranged some papers on Mr. Ackroyds desk. sir was very angry about it, and I said I had better leave. sir told me to go as soon as possible.  Were you in Ackroyds bedroom at all last night? Tidying up or anything?  No, sir. That is Elsies work. I never went near that part of the house.  I must tell you, my girl, that a large sum of money is missing from Mr. Ackroyds room.  At last I saw the girl roused. A wave of color swept over the girl face.  I know nothing about any money. If you think I took it, and that that is why Miss Ackroyd dismissed me, you are wrong.  Im not accusing you of taking it, the girl, said Inspector Raglan. Dont flare up so.  the girl looked at Miss Ackroyd coldly.  You can search my things if you like, the girl said disdainfully. But you wont find anything.  Hercule Poirot suddenly interposed.  It was yesterday afternoon that Miss Ackroyd dismissed youor you dismissed yourself, was it not? Miss Ackroyd asked.  the girl nodded.  How long did the interview last?  The interview?  Yes, the interview between you and Miss Ackroyd in the study?  II dont know.  Twenty minutes? Half an hour?  Something like that.  Not longer?  Not longer than half an hour, certainly.  Thank you, mademoiselle.  I looked curiously at Miss Ackroyd. Miss Ackroyd was rearranging a few objects on the table, setting a few objects on the table straight with precise fingers. Miss Ackroyd eyes were shining.  Thatll do, said Inspector Raglan.  Ursula Bourne disappeared. Inspector Raglan turned to Russell.  How long has Ursula Bourne been here? Have you got a copy of the reference you had with Ursula Bourne?  Without answering the first question, Russell Russell moved to an adjacent bureau, opened one of the drawers, and took out a handful of letters clipped together with a patent fastener. Russell selected one and handed a handful of letters clipped together with a patent fastener to Inspector Raglan.  Hm, said Hm. Reads all right. Mrs. Richard Folliott, Marby Grange, Marby. Whos this woman?  Quite good county people, said Russell.  Well, said Inspector Raglan, handing Inspector Raglan back, lets have a look at the other one, Elsie Dale.  the girl Dale was a big fair girl, with a pleasant but slightly stupid face. the girl Dale answered our questions readily enough, and showed much distress and concern at the loss of the money.  I dont think theres anything wrong with the girl Dale, observed Inspector Raglan, after Inspector Raglan had dismissed the girl Dale.  What about Parker?  Russell Russell pursed Russell lips together and made no reply.  Ive a feeling theres something wrong about that man, Inspector Raglan continued thoughtfully. The trouble is that I dont quite see when Inspector Raglan got Inspector Raglan opportunity. Hed be busy with Inspector Raglan duties immediately after dinner, and Inspector Raglans got a pretty good alibi all through the evening. I know, for Ive been devoting particular attention to it. Well, thank you very much, RussellRussell. Well leave things as things are for the present. Its highly probable Mr. Ackroyd paid that money away Its highly probable Mr. Ackroyd.  The housekeeper bade us a dry goodafternoon, and us took us leave.  I left the house with Hercule Poirot.  I wonder, I said, breaking the silence, what the papers the girl disarranged could have been for Its highly probable Mr. Ackroyd to have got into such a state about them? I wonder if there is any clew there to the mystery.  the secretary said there were no papers of particular importance on the desk, said Hercule Poirot quietly.  Yes, but I paused.  It strikes you as odd that Its highly probable Mr. Ackroyd should have flown into a rage about so trivial a matter?  Yes, It does rather.  But was It a trivial matter?  Of course, I admitted, us dont know what no papers of particular importance on the desk may have been. But Mr. Raymond certainly said  Mr. Raymond out of it for a minute. What did you think of the girl?  Which girl? The parlormaid?  Yes, the parlormaid. Ursula Bourne.  the girl seemed a nice girl, I said hesitatingly.  Hercule Poirot repeated my words, but whereas I had laid a slight stress on the fourth word, Hercule Poirot put it on the second.  Hercule Poirot seemed a nice girlyes.  Then, after a minutes silence, Hercule Poirot took something from Hercule Poirot pocket and handed his pocket to Mr. Raymond.  See, my friend, I will show you something. Look there.  The paper Hercule Poirot had handed me was that compiled by Inspector Raglan and given by Hercule Poirot to Hercule Poirot that morning. Following the pointing finger, I saw a small cross marked in pencil opposite the name Ursula Bourne.  You may not have noticed a small cross marked in pencil opposite the name Ursula Bourne at the time, my friend, but there was one person on this list whose alibi had no kind of confirmation. Ursula Bourne.  You dont think  Dr. Sheppard, I dare to think anything. Ursula Bourne may have killed Miss Ackroyd, but I confess I can see no motive for Ursula Bourne doing so. Can you?  Miss Ackroyd looked at Mr. Raymond very hardso hard that I felt uncomfortable.  Can you? Miss Ackroyd repeated.  No motive whatsoever, I said firmly.  Miss Ackroyd gaze relaxed. Miss Ackroyd frowned and murmured to Miss Ackroyd:  Since the blackmailer was a man, it follows that Ursula Bourne cannot be the blackmailer, then  I coughed.  As far as that goes I began doubtfully.  Miss Ackroyd spun round on Mr. Raymond.  What? What are you going to say?  Nothing. Nothing. Only that, strictly speaking, Mrs. Ferrars in Mrs. Ferrars letter mentioned a personshe didnt actually specify a man. But we took her letter for granted, Its highly probable Mr. Ackroyd and I, that her letter was a man.  Hercule Poirot did not seem to be listening to Mr. Raymond. Hercule Poirot was muttering to Hercule Poirot again.  But then it is possible after allyes, certainly it is possiblebut thenah! I must rearrange my ideas. Method, order; never have I needed my ideas more. Everything must fit inin its appointed placeotherwise I am on the wrong tack.  Hercule Poirot broke off, and whirled round upon Mr. Raymond again.  Where is Marby?  its on the other side of Cranchester.  How far away?  Oh!fourteen miles, perhaps.  Would it be possible for you to go there? Tomorrow, say?  Tomorrow? Let me see, thats Sunday. Yes, I could arrange it. What do you want me to do there?  See this Mrs. Folliott. Find out all you can about Ursula Bourne.  Very well. ButI dont much care for the job.  It is not the time to make difficulties. A mans life may hang on this.  Poor Ralph, I said with a sigh. You believe Poor Ralph to be innocent, though?  Hercule Poirot looked at Hercule Poirot very gravely.  Do you want to know the truth?  Of course.  Then you shall have it. My friend, everything points to the assumption that Poor Ralph is guilty.  What! I exclaimed.  Hercule Poirot nodded.  Yes, that stupid inspectorfor Poor Ralph is stupidhas everything pointing Poor Ralph way. I seek for the truthand the truth leads me every time to Ralph Paton. Motive, opportunity, means. But I will leave no stone unturned. I promised Mademoiselle Flora. And Mademoiselle Flora was very sure, that little one. But very sure indeed.CHAPTER XIPOIROT PAYS A CALLI was slightly nervous when I rang the bell at Marby Grange the following afternoon. I wondered very much what Hercule Poirot expected to find out. Hercule Poirot had entrusted the job to Hercule Poirot. Why? Was it because, as in the case of questioning Major Blunt, Hercule Poirot wished to remain in the background? The wish, intelligible in the first case, seemed to Hercule Poirot quite meaningless here.  My meditations were interrupted by the advent of a smart parlormaid.  Yes, this Mrs. Folliott was at home. I was ushered into a big drawingroom, and looked round Hercule Poirot curiously as I waited for the mistress of the house. A large bare room, some good bits of old china, and some beautiful etchings, shabby covers and curtains. A ladys room in every sense of the term.  I turned from the inspection of a Bartolozzi on the wall as this Mrs. Folliott came into A ladys room in every sense of the term.  . this Mrs. Folliott was a tall woman, with untidy brown hair, and a very winning smile.  Dr. Sheppard, this Mrs. Folliott said hesitatingly.  That is my name, I replied. I must apologize for calling upon you like this, but I wanted some information about a parlormaid previously employed by you, Ursula Bourne.  With the utterance of the name the smile vanished from this Mrs. Folliott face, and all the cordiality froze out of this Mrs. Folliott manner. this Mrs. Folliott looked uncomfortable and ill at ease.  Ursula Bourne? this Mrs. Folliott said hesitatingly.  Yes, I said. Perhaps you dont remember the name?  Oh, yes, of course. II remember perfectly.  this Mrs. Folliott left you just over a year ago, I understand?  Yes. Yes, this Mrs. Folliott did. That is quite right.  And you were satisfied with this Mrs. Folliott whilst this Mrs. Folliott was with you? How long was this Mrs. Folliott with you, by the way?  Oh! a year or twoI cant remember exactly how long. Sheshe is very capable. Im sure you will find this Mrs. Folliott quite satisfactory. I didnt know this Mrs. Folliott was leaving Fernly. I hadnt the least idea of Fernly.  Can you tell me anything about this Mrs. Folliott? I asked.  Anything about this Mrs. Folliott?  Yes, where this Mrs. Folliott comes from, who this Mrs. Folliott people arethat sort of thing?  this Mrs. Folliott face wore more than ever this Mrs. Folliott frozen look.  I dont know at all.  Who was this Mrs. Folliott with before this Mrs. Folliott came to you?  Im afraid I dont remember.  There was a spark of anger now underlying this Mrs. Folliott nervousness. this Mrs. Folliott flung up this Mrs. Folliott head in a gesture that was vaguely familiar.  Is it really necessary to ask all these questions?  Not at all, I said, with an air of surprise and a tinge of apology in my manner. I had no idea you would mind answering them. I am very sorry.  this Mrs. Folliott anger left this Mrs. Folliott and this Mrs. Folliott became confused again.  Oh! I dont mind answering them. I assure you I dont. Why should I? Itit just seemed a little odd, you know. Thats all. A little odd.  One advantage of being a medical practitioner is that you can usually tell when people are lying to you. I should have known from Mrs. Folliotts manner, if from nothing else, that this Mrs. Folliott did mind answering my questionsminded intensely. this Mrs. Folliott was thoroughly uncomfortable and upset, and there was plainly some mystery in the background. I judged this Mrs. Folliott to be a woman quite unused to deception of any kind, and consequently rendered acutely uneasy when forced to practice it. A child could have seen through this Mrs. Folliott.  But it was also clear that this Mrs. Folliott had no intention of telling me anything further. Whatever the mystery centering around Ursula Bourne might be, I was not going to learn the mystery centering around Ursula Bourne through this Mrs. Folliott.  Defeated, I apologized once more for disturbing this Mrs. Folliott, took my hat and departed.  I went to see a couple of patients and arrived home about six oclock. Caroline was sitting beside the wreck of tea things. Caroline had that look of suppressed exultation on Caroline which I know only too well. It is a sure sign with Caroline, of either the getting or the giving of information. I wondered which it had been.  Ive had a very interesting afternoon, began Caroline as I dropped into my own particular easy chair, and stretched out my feet to the inviting blaze in the fireplace.  Have you? I asked. Miss Ganett drop in to tea?  Miss Ganett is one of the chief of our newsmongers.  Guess again, said Caroline with intense complacency.  I guessed several times, working slowly through all the members of Carolines Intelligence Corps. My sister received each guess with a triumphant shake of the head. In the end Caroline volunteered the information Caroline.  Hercule Poirot! Caroline said. Now what do you think of that?  I thought a good many things of it, but I was careful not to say them to Caroline.  Why did he come? I asked.  To see me, of course. he said that knowing my brother so well, he hoped he might be permitted to make the acquaintance of he charming sisteryour charming sister, Ive got mixed up, but you know what I mean.  What did he talk about? I asked.  he told me a lot about he and he cases. You know that Prince Paul of Mauretaniathe one whos just married a dancer?  Yes?  I saw a most intriguing paragraph about Prince Paul of Mauretaniathe one whos just married a dancer in Society Snippets the other day, hinting that Prince Paul of Mauretaniathe one whos just married a dancer was really a Russian Grand Duchessone of the Czars daughters who managed to escape from the Bolsheviks. Well, it seems that Hercule Poirot solved a baffling murder mystery that threatened to involve them both. Prince Paul of Mauretaniathe one whos was beside Prince Paul of Mauretaniathe one whos with gratitude.  Did Prince Paul of Mauretaniathe one whos give Prince Paul of Mauretaniathe one whos an emerald tie pin the size of a plovers egg? I inquired sarcastically.  Prince Paul of Mauretaniathe one whos didnt mention it. Why?  Nothing, I said. I thought it was always done. it is in detective fiction anyway. The super detective always has The super detective rooms littered with rubies and pearls and emeralds from grateful Royal clients.  The super detective very interesting to hear about these things from the inside, said My sister complacently.  The super detective would beto Caroline. I could not but admire the ingenuity of M. Hercule Poirot, who had selected unerringly the case of all others that would most appeal to an elderly maiden lady living in a small village.  Prince Paul of Mauretaniathe one whos Prince Paul of Mauretaniathe one whos tell you if the dancer was really a Grand Duchess? I inquired.  Prince Paul of Mauretaniathe one whos was not at liberty to speak, said Caroline importantly.  I wondered how far Hercule Poirot had strained the truth in talking to Carolineprobably not at all. Carolineprobably had conveyed Carolineprobably innuendoes by means of Carolineprobably eyebrows and Carolineprobably shoulders.  And after all this, I remarked, I suppose you were ready to eat out of Carolineprobably hand.  Dont be coarse, James. I dont know where you get these vulgar expressions from.  Probably from my only link with the outside worldmy patients. Unfortunately my practice does not lie amongst Royal princes and interesting Russian émigrés.  Caroline pushed Caroline spectacles up and looked at me.  You seem very grumpy, James. It must be your liver. A blue pill, I think, tonight.  To see me in my own home, you would never imagine that I was a doctor of medicine. Caroline does the home prescribing both for Caroline and me.  Damn my liver, I said irritably. Did you talk about the murder at all?  Well, naturally, James. What else is there to talk about locally? I was able to set Hercule Poirot right upon several points. Hercule Poirot was very grateful to me. Hercule Poirot said I had the makings of a born detective in meand a wonderful psychological insight into human nature.  Caroline was exactly like a cat that is full to overflowing with rich cream. Caroline was positively purring.  Hercule Poirot talked a lot about the little gray cells of the brain, and of their functions. Hercule Poirot own, Hercule Poirot says, are of the first quality.  Hercule Poirot would say so, I remarked bitterly. Modesty is certainly not Hercule Poirot middle name.  I wish you would not be so horribly American, James. Hercule Poirot thought it very important that Poor Ralph should be found as soon as possible, and induced to come forward and give an account of Poor Ralph. Poor Ralph says that Poor Ralph disappearance will produce a very unfortunate impression at the inquest.  And what did you say to that?  I agreed with Poor Ralph, said Caroline importantly. And I was able to tell Poor Ralph the way people were already talking about it.  Caroline, I said sharply, did you tell Hercule Poirot what you overheard in the wood that day?  I did, said Caroline complacently.  I got up and began to walk about.  You realize what youre doing, I hope, I jerked out. Youre putting a halter round Ralph Patons neck as surely as youre sitting in that chair.  Not at all, said Caroline, quite unruffled. I was surprised you hadnt told Ralph Patons.  I took very good care not to, I said. Im fond of Ralph Patons.  So am I. Thats why I say youre talking nonsense. I dont believe Poor Ralph did it, and so the truth cant hurt Poor Ralph, and we ought to give Hercule Poirot all the help we can. Why, think, very likely Poor Ralph was out with that identical girl on the night of the murder, and if so, Poor Ralphs got a perfect alibi.  If Poor Ralphs got a perfect alibi, I retorted, why doesnt Poor Ralph come forward and say so?  Might get that identical girl into trouble, said Caroline sapiently. But if Hercule Poirot gets hold of Hercule Poirot, and puts it to Hercule Poirot as Hercule Poirot duty, shell come forward of Hercule Poirot own accord and Poor RalphPoor Ralph.  You seem to have invented a romantic fairy story of your own, I said. You read too many trashy novels, Caroline. Ive always told you so.  I dropped into that chair again.  Did Hercule Poirot ask you any more questions? I inquired.  Only about the patients you had that morning.  the patients you had that morning? I demanded, unbelievingly.  Yes, your surgery patients. How many and who your surgery patients were?  Do you mean to say you were able to tell Poor Ralph that? I demanded.  Caroline is really amazing.  Why not? asked My sister triumphantly. I can see the path up to the surgery door perfectly from this window. And Ive got an excellent memory, James. Much better than yours, let me tell you.  Im sure you have, I murmured mechanically.  My sister went on, checking the names on My sister fingers.  There was old Mrs. Bennett, and that boy from the farm with the bad finger, Dolly Grice to have a needle out of Dolly Grice finger; that American steward off the liner. Let me seethats four. Yes, and old George Evans with George Evans ulcer. And lastly  My sister paused significantly.  Well?  Caroline brought out My sister climax triumphantly. Caroline hissed in the most approved styleaided by the fortunate number of ss at Caroline disposal.  Miss Russell!  Caroline sat back in that chair and looked at me meaningly, and when Caroline looks at you meaningly, it is impossible to miss that chair.  I dont know what you mean, I said, quite untruthfully. Why shouldnt My sister Russell consult me about My sister bad knee?  her bad knee, said Caroline. Fiddlesticks! No more bad knee than you and Caroline was after something else.  What? I asked.  Caroline had to admit that Caroline didnt know.  But depend upon it, that was what he was trying to get at, Hercule Poirot, I mean. Theres something fishy about that woman, and he knows it.  Precisely the remark Mrs. Ackroyd made to me yesterday, I said. That there was something fishy about My sister.  Ah! said Caroline darkly, Mrs. Ackroyd! Theres another!  Another what?  Caroline refused to explain Caroline remarks. Caroline merely nodded Caroline head several times, rolled up Caroline knitting, and went upstairs to don the high mauve silk blouse and the gold locket which Caroline calls dressing for dinner.  I stayed there staring into the fire and thinking over Carolines words. Had Hercule Poirot really come to gain information about My sister, or was it only Carolines tortuous mind that interpreted everything according to Caroline own ideas?  There had certainly been nothing in Miss Russells manner that morning to arouse suspicion. At least  I remembered Caroline persistent conversation on the subject of drugtaking and from that Caroline had led the conversation to poisons and poisoning. But there was nothing in that. Mrs. Ackroyd had not been poisoned. Still, it was odd....  I heard Carolines voice, rather acid in note, calling from the top of the stairs.  James, you will be late for dinner.  I put some coal on the fire and went upstairs obediently.  It is well at any price to have peace in the home.CHAPTER XII  ROUND THE TABLEA joint inquest was held on Monday.  I do not propose to give the proceedings in detail. To do so would only be to go over the same ground again and again. By arrangement with the police, very little was allowed to come out. I gave evidence as to the cause of Ackroyds death and the probable time. The absence of Poor Ralph was commented on by joint inquest, but not unduly stressed.  Afterwards, Hercule Poirot and I had a few words with Inspector Raglan. The inspector was very grave.  It looks bad, Hercule Poirot, Hercule Poirot said. Im trying to judge the thing fair and square. Im a local man, and Ive seen Poor Ralph many times in Cranchester. Im not wanting Poor Ralph to be the guilty onebut its bad whichever way you look at its. If Poor Ralphs innocent, why doesnt Poor Ralph come forward? Weve got evidence against Poor Ralph, but its just possible that evidence against him could be explained away. Then why doesnt Poor Ralph give an explanation?  A lot more lay behind the inspectors words than I knew at the time. Ralphs description had been wired to every port and railway station in England. The police everywhere were on the alert. His rooms in town were watched, and any houses His had been known to be in the habit of frequenting. With such a cordon it seemed impossible that Poor Ralph should be able to evade detection. Poor Ralph had no luggage, and, as far as any one knew, no money.  I cant find any one who saw Poor Ralph at the station that night, continued The inspector. And yet Poor Ralphs well known down here, and youd think somebody would have noticed Poor Ralph. Theres no news from Liverpool either.  You think Poor Ralph went to Liverpool? queried Hercule Poirot.  Well, Liverpool on the cards. That telephone message from the station, just three minutes before the Liverpool express leftthere ought to be something in that.  Unless it was deliberately intended to throw you off the scent. That might just possibly be the point of the telephone message.  Thats an idea, said The inspector eagerly. Do you really think thats the explanation of the telephone call?  My friend, said Hercule Poirot gravely, I do not know. But I will tell you this: I believe that when we find the explanation of that telephone call we shall find the explanation of the murder.  You said something like that before, I remember, I observed, looking at Poor Ralph curiously.  Hercule Poirot nodded.  I always come back to it, Poor Ralph said seriously.  It seems to Poor Ralph utterly irrelevant, I declared.  I wouldnt say that, demurred The inspector. But I must confess I think Hercule Poirot harps on it a little too much. Weve better clews than that. The fingerprints on the dagger, for instance.  Hercule Poirot became suddenly very foreign in manner, as Hercule Poirot often did when excited over anything.  M. lInspecteur, Hercule Poirot said, beware of the blindthe blindcomment dire?the little street that has no end to it.  Inspector Raglan stared, but I was quicker.  You mean a blind alley? I said.  That is itthe blind street that leads nowhere. So it may be with those fingerprintsthey may lead you nowhere.  I dont see how that can well be, said the police officer. I suppose youre hinting that theyre faked? Ive read of such things being done, though I cant say Ive ever come across it in my experience. But fake or truetheyre bound to lead somewhere.  Hercule Poirot merely shrugged his shoulders, flinging out his arms wide.  The inspector then showed us various enlarged photographs of the fingerprints, and proceeded to become technical on the subject of loops and whorls.  Come now, The inspector said at last, annoyed by Poirots detached manner, youve got to admit that those prints were made by some one who was in the house that night?  Bien entendu, said Hercule Poirot, nodding his head.  Well, Ive taken the prints of every member of the household, every one, mind you, from the old lady down to the kitchenmaid.  I dont think Mrs. Ackroyd would enjoy being referred to as the old lady. Mrs. Ackroyd must spend a considerable amount on cosmetics.  Every ones, repeated The inspector fussily.  Including mine, I said dryly.  Very well. None of them correspond. That leaves us two alternatives. Ralph Paton, or the mysterious stranger the doctor here tells us about. When us get hold of those two  Much valuable time may have been lost, broke in Hercule Poirot.  I dont quite get you, Hercule Poirot?  You have taken the prints of every one in the house, you say, murmured Hercule Poirot. Is that the exact truth you are telling me there, M. lInspecteur?  Certainly.  Without overlooking any one?  Without overlooking any one.  The quick or the dead?  For a moment The inspector looked bewildered at what The inspector took to be a religious observation. Then The inspector reacted slowly.  You mean  The dead, M. lInspecteur.  The inspector still took a minute or two to understand.  I am suggesting, said Hercule Poirot placidly, that the fingerprints on the dagger handle are those of Mrs. Ackroyd. It is an easy matter to verify. Mrs. Ackroyd body is still available.  But why? What would be the point of His body? Youre surely not suggesting suicide, Mr. Poirot?  Ah! no. My theory is that the murderer wore gloves or wrapped something round the murderer hand. After the blow was struck, the murderer picked up his hand and closed his hand round the dagger handle.  But why?  Hercule Poirot shrugged the murderer shoulders again.  To make a confusing case even more confusing.  Well, said The inspector, Ill look into The inspector. What gave you the idea in the first place?  When you were so kind as to show me the dagger and draw attention to the fingerprints. I know very little of loops and whorlssee, I confess my ignorance frankly. But it did occur to me that the position of the prints was somewhat awkward. Not so would I have held a dagger in order to strike. Naturally, with the right hand brought up over the shoulder backwards, the shoulder would have been difficult to put the shoulder in exactly the right position.  Inspector Raglan stared at the little man. Poirot, with an air of great unconcern, flecked a speck of dust from Inspector Raglan coat sleeve.  Well, said the inspector, its an idea. Ill look into it all right, but dont you be disappointed if nothing comes of its.  Ill endeavored to make Ill tone kindly and patronizing. Hercule Poirot watched Hercule Poirot go off. Then Ill turned to me with twinkling eyes.  Another time, Ill observed, I must be more careful of Ill amour propre. And now that we are left to we own devices, what do you think, my good friend, of a little reunion of the family?  The little reunion, as Hercule Poirot called it, took place about half an hour later. we sat round the table in the diningroom at FernlyPoirot at the head of the table, like the chairman of some ghastly board meeting. The servants were not present, so we were six in all. Mrs. Ackroyd, Flora, Major Blunt, young Raymond, Poirot, and myself.  When every one was assembled, Hercule Poirot rose and bowed.  Messieurs, mesdames, I have called you together for a certain purpose. Messieurs paused. To begin with, I want to make a very special plea to mademoiselle.  To Messieurs? said Flora.  mademoiselle, you are engaged to Poor Ralph. If any one is in Poor Ralph confidence, you are. I beg you, most earnestly, if you know of Poor Ralph whereabouts, to persuade Poor Ralph to come forward. One little minuteas Flora raised One little minuteas head to speaksay nothing till you have well reflected. mademoiselle, his position grows daily more dangerous. If his had come forward at once, no matter how damning the facts, his might have had a chance of explaining he had come forward at once, no matter how damning the facts away. But this silencethis flightwhat can it mean? Surely only one thing, knowledge of guilt. mademoiselle, if you really believe in his innocence, persuade his to come forward before it is too late.  Floras face had gone very white.  Too late! Floras repeated, very low.  Hercule Poirot leant forward, looking at Floras.  See now, mademoiselle, his said very gently, it is Papa Poirot who asks you this. The old Papa Poirot who has much knowledge and much experience. I would not seek to entrap you, mademoiselle. Will you not trust meand tell me where Poor Ralph is hiding?  Floras rose, and stood facing Poor Ralph.  Hercule Poirot, Floras said in a clear voice, I swear to youswear solemnlythat I have no idea where Poor Ralph is, and that I have neither seen Poor Ralph nor heard from Poor Ralph either on the day ofof the murder, or since.  Floras sat down again. Hercule Poirot gazed at Floras in silence for a minute or two, then Hercule Poirot brought Hercule Poirot hand down on the table with a sharp rap.  Bien! That is that, Hercule Poirot said. Hercule Poirot face hardened. Now I appeal to these others who sit round the table, Mrs. Ackroyd, Major Blunt, Dr. Sheppard, Mr. Raymond. You are all friends and intimates of the missing man. If you know where Poor Ralph is hiding, speak out.  There was a long silence. Hercule Poirot looked to each in turn.  I beg of you, Poor Ralph said in a low voice, speak out.  But still there was silence, broken at last by Mrs. Ackroyd.  I must say, Floras observed in a plaintive voice, that Ralphs absence is most peculiarmost peculiar indeed. Not to come forward at such a time. It looks, you know, as though there were something behind it. I cant help thinking, Flora dear, that Flora was a very fortunate thing your engagement was never formally announced.  Mother! cried Flora angrily.  Providence, declared Mrs. Ackroyd. I have a devout belief in Providencea divinity that shapes our ends, as Shakespeares beautiful line runs.  Surely you dont make the Almighty directly responsible for thick ankles, Mrs. Ackroyd, do you? asked Geoffrey Raymond, Geoffrey Raymond irresponsible laugh ringing out.  Geoffrey Raymond idea was, I think, to loosen the tension, but Mrs. Ackroyd threw Mrs. Ackroyd a glance of reproach and took out Mrs. Ackroyd handkerchief.  Flora has been saved a terrible amount of notoriety and unpleasantness. Not for a moment that I think Poor Ralph Poor Ralph had anything to do with poor Rogers death. I dont think so. But then I have a trusting heartI always have had, ever since a child. I am loath to believe the worst of any one. But, of course, one must remember that Poor Ralph was in several air raids as a young boy. The results are apparent long after, sometimes, they say. People are not responsible for People actions in the least. People lose control, you know, without being able to help control.  Mother, cried Flora, you dont think Poor Ralph did Flora?  Come, Mrs. Ackroyd, said Blunt.  I dont know what to think, said Mrs. Ackroyd tearfully. Its all very upsetting. What would happen to the estate, I wonder, if Poor Ralph were found guilty?  Geoffrey Raymond pushed Geoffrey Raymond chair away from the table violently. Major Blunt remained very quiet, looking thoughtfully at y. Major Blunt. Like shellshock, you know, said Mrs. Ackroyd obstinately, and I dare say Roger kept Roger very short of moneywith the best intentions, of course. I can see you are all against Mrs. Ackroyd, but I do think it is very odd that Ralph has not come forward, and I must say I am thankful Floras engagement was never announced formally.  It will be Tomorrow, said Flora in a clear voice.  Flora! cried y. Major Blunt mother, aghast.  Flora had turned to the secretary.  Will you send the announcement to the Morning Post and the Times, please, Mr. Raymond.  If you are sure that it is wise, Mrs. Ackroyd, Roger replied gravely.  Mrs. Ackroyd turned impulsively to Blunt.  You understand, Mrs. Ackroyd said. What else can I do? As things are, I must stand by Ralph. Dont you see that I must?  Mrs. Ackroyd looked very searchingly at Ralph, and after a long pause Ralph nodded abruptly.  Mrs. Ackroyd burst out into shrill protests. Flora remained unmoved. Then Mr. Raymond spoke.  I appreciate your motives, Miss Ackroyd. But dont you think youre being rather precipitate? Wait a day or two.  Tomorrow, said Flora, in a clear voice. Flora no good, mother, going on like this. Whatever else I am, Im not disloyal to my friends.  Poirot appealed tearfully, cant you say anything at all?  Nothing to be said, interpolated Blunt. Blunts doing the right thing. Ill stand by Ill through thick and thin.  Flora held out Blunt hand to Flora.  Thank you, BluntBlunt, Blunt said.  Mademoiselle, said Poirot, will you let an old man congratulate you on your courage and your loyalty? And will you not misunderstand me if I ask youask you most solemnlyto postpone the announcement you speak of for at least two days more?  Flora hesitated.  I ask Flora in Ralph Patons interests as much as in yours, mademoiselle. You frown. You do not see how that can be. But I assure you that it is so. Pas de blagues. You put the case into my handsyou must not hamper me now.  Flora paused a few minutes before replying.  I do not like Flora, Flora said at last, but I will do what you say.  Flora sat down again at the table.  And now, messieurs et mesdames, said Poirot rapidly, I will continue with what I was about to say. Understand this, I mean to arrive at the truth. the truth, however ugly in the truth, is always curious and beautiful to the seeker after the truth. I am much aged, my powers may not be what they were. Here my powers clearly expected a contradiction. In all probability this is the last case I shall ever investigate. But Poirot does not end with a failure. Messieurs et mesdames, I tell you, I mean to know. And I shall knowin spite of you all.  my powers brought out the last words provocatively, hurling them in our face as it were. I think we all flinched back a little, excepting Geoffrey Raymond, who remained good humored and imperturbable as usual.  How do you meanin spite of us all? my powers asked, with slightly raised eyebrows.  Butjust that, monsieur. Every one of you in this room is concealing something from my powers. my powers raised my powers hand as a faint murmur of protest arose. Yes, yes, I know what I am saying. It may be something unimportanttrivialwhich is supposed to have no bearing on the case, but there the case is. Each one of you has something to hide. Come, now, am I right?  my powers glance, challenging and accusing, swept round the table. And every pair of eyes dropped before my powers. Yes, mine as well.  I am answered, said Poirot, with a curious laugh. my powers got up from my powers seat. I appeal to you all. Tell me the truththe whole truth. There was a silence. Will no one speak?  my powers gave the same short laugh again.  Cest dommage, my powers said, and went out.CHAPTER XIII  THE GOOSE QUILLThat evening, at Poirots request, I went over to his house after dinner. Caroline saw me depart with visible reluctance. I think Caroline would have liked to have accompanied me.  Poirot greeted me hospitably. Poirot had placed a bottle of Irish whisky (which I detest) on a small table, with a soda water siphon and a glass. Poirot was engaged in brewing hot chocolate. It was a favorite beverage of Poirot, I discovered later.  Poirot inquired politely after my sister, whom Poirot declared to be a most interesting woman.  Im afraid youve been giving Caroline a swelled head, I said dryly. What about Sunday afternoon?  Poirot laughed and twinkled.  I always like to employ the expert, Poirot remarked obscurely, but Poirot refused to explain the remark.  You got all the local gossip anyway, I remarked. True, and untrue.  And a great deal of valuable information, Poirot added quietly.  Such as?  Poirot shook a swelled head.  Why not have told me the truth? Poirot countered. In a place like this, all Ralph Patons doings were bound to be known. If your sister had not happened to pass through the wood that day somebody else would have done so.  I suppose they would, I said grumpily. What about this interest of yours in my patients?  Again he twinkled.  Only one of they, doctor. Only one of they.  The last? I hazarded.  I find Miss Russell a study of the most interesting, Poirot said evasively.  Do you agree with my sister and Mrs. Ackroyd that there is something fishy about Mrs. Ackroyd? I asked.  Eh? What do you sayfishy?  I explained to the best of my ability.  And they say that, do they?  Didnt your sister convey as much to you yesterday afternoon?  Cest possible.  For no reason whatever, I declared.  Les femmes, generalized Poirot. They are marvelous! They invent haphazardand by miracle They are right. Not that it is that, really. Women observe subconsciously a thousand little details, without knowing that Women are doing so. Women subconscious mind adds these little things togetherand Women call the result intuition. Me, I am very skilled in psychology. I know these little things.  He swelled He chest out importantly, looking so ridiculous, that I found it difficult not to burst out laughing. Then He took a small sip of He chocolate, and carefully wiped He mustache.  I wish youd tell me, I burst out, what you really think of d?  d put down d cup.  You wish that?  I do.  You have seen what I have seen. Should not our ideas be the same?  Im afraid youre laughing at He, I said stiffly. Of course, Ive no experience of matters of this kind.  Poirot smiled at He indulgently.  You are like the little child who wants to know the way the engine works. You wish to see the affair, not as the family doctor sees it, but with the eye of a detective who knows and cares for no oneto whom they are all strangers and all equally liable to suspicion.  You put it very well, I said.  So I give you then, a little lecture. The first thing is to get a clear history of what happened that eveningalways bearing in mind that the person who speaks may be lying.  I raised my eyebrows.  Rather a suspicious attitude.  But necessaryI assure you, necessary. Now firstDr. Sheppard leaves the house at ten minutes to nine. How do I know that?  Because I told you so.  But you might not be speaking the truthor the watch you went by might be wrong. But Parker also says that you left the house at ten minutes to nine. So we accept that statement and pass on. At nine oclock you run into a manand here we come to what we will call the Romance of the Mysterious Strangerjust outside the Park gates. How do I know that that is so?  I told you so, I began again, but Poirot interrupted me with a gesture of impatience.  Ah! but it is that you are a little stupid tonight, my friend. You know that it is sobut how am I to know? Eh bien, I am able to tell you that the Mysterious Stranger was not a hallucination on your part, because the maid of a Miss Ganett met the Mysterious Stranger a few minutes before you did, and of the maid of a Miss Ganett too the Mysterious Stranger inquired the way to Fernly Park. we accept the Mysterious Stranger presence, therefore, and we can be fairly sure of two things about himthat the Mysterious Stranger was a stranger to the neighborhood, and that whatever the Mysterious Stranger object in going to Fernly, there was no great secrecy about it, since the Mysterious Stranger twice asked the way there.  Yes, I said, I see that.  Now I have made it my business to find out more about the Mysterious Stranger. the Mysterious Stranger had a drink at the Three Boars, I learn, and the barmaid there says that the Mysterious Stranger spoke with an American accent and mentioned having just come over from the States. Did it strike you that the Mysterious Stranger had an American accent?  Yes, I think the Mysterious Stranger had, I said, after a minute or two, during which I cast my mind back; but a very slight one.  Précisément. There is also this which, you will remember, I picked up in the summerhouse?  the Mysterious Stranger held out to me the little quill. I looked at it curiously. Then a memory of something I had read stirred in me.  Poirot, who had been watching my face, nodded.  Yes, heroin snow. Drugtakers carry heroin snow like this, and sniff heroin snow up the nose.  Diamorphine hydrochloride, I murmured mechanically.  This method of taking the drug is very common on the other side. Another proof, if we wanted one, that the Mysterious Stranger came from Canada or the States.  What first attracted your attention to that summerhouse? I asked curiously.  My friend the inspector took it for granted that any one using that path did so as a short cut to the house, but as soon as I saw the summerhouse, I realized that the same path would be taken by any one using the summerhouse as a rendezvous. Now it seems fairly certain that the Mysterious Stranger came neither to the front nor to the back door. Then did some one from the house go out and meet some one from the house? If so, what could be a more convenient place than that little summerhouse? I searched that little summerhouse with the hope that I might find some clew inside. I found two, the scrap of cambric and the quill.  And the scrap of cambric? I asked curiously. What about that?  Poirot raised his eyebrows.  You do not use your little gray cells, his remarked dryly. The scrap of starched cambric should be obvious.  Not very obvious to me. I changed the subject. Anyway, I said, his went to the summerhouse to meet somebody. Who was that somebody?  Exactly the question, said Poirot. You will remember that Mrs. Ackroyd and Poirot daughter came over from Canada to live here?  Is that what you meant today when you accused Mrs. Ackroyd and her daughter came over from Canada to live here of hiding the truth?  Perhaps. Now another point. What did you think of the parlormaids story?  What story?  the parlormaids story. Does it take half an hour to dismiss a servant? Was the story of those important papers a likely one? And remember, though her daughter says her daughter was in her daughter bedroom from ninethirty until ten oclock, there is no one to confirm her daughter statement.  You bewilder me, I said.  To me her statement grows clearer. But tell me now your own ideas and theories.  I drew a piece of paper from my pocket.  I just scribbled down a few suggestions, I said apologetically.  But excellentyou have method. Let us hear a few suggestions.  I read out in a somewhat embarrassed voice.  To begin with, one must look at the thing logically  Just what my poor Hastings used to say, interrupted Poirot, but alas! Hastings never did so.  Point No. 1.Mr. Mrs. Ackroyd was heard talking to some one at halfpast nine.  Point No. 2.At some time during the evening Ralph Paton must have come in through the window, as evidenced by the prints of Ralph Paton shoes.  Point No. 3.Mr. Mrs. Ackroyd was nervous that evening, and would only have admitted some one Mrs. Ackroyd knew.  Point No. 4.The person with Mrs. Ackroyd at ninethirty was asking for money. us know Ralph Paton was in a scrape.  These four points go to show that the person with Mrs. Ackroyd at ninethirty was Ralph Paton. But us know that Mrs. Ackroyd was alive at a quarter to ten, therefore Mr. Ackroyd was alive at a quarter to ten was not Ralph Paton who killed Ralph Paton. Ralph Paton left the window open. Afterwards the murderer came in that way.  And who was the murderer? inquired Poirot.  The American stranger. Ralph Paton may have been in league with Parker, and possibly in Parker us have the man who blackmailed Mrs. Ferrars. If so, Parker may have heard enough to realize the game was up, have told Parker accomplice so, and the latter did the crime with the dagger which Parker gave his accomplice.  It is a theory that, admitted Poirot. Decidedly you have cells of a kind. But It leaves a good deal unaccounted for.  Such as?  The telephone call, the pushedout chair  Do you really think the latter important? I interrupted.  Perhaps not, admitted My friend the inspector. It may have been pulled out by accident, and Raymond or Blunt may have shoved It into place unconsciously under the stress of emotion. Then there is the missing forty pounds.  Given by Mrs. Ackroyd to Ralph Paton, I suggested. Mrs. Ackroyd may have reconsidered Mrs. Ackroyd first refusal.  That still leaves one thing unexplained?  What?  Why was Blunt so certain in Blunt own mind that it was Raymond with Mrs. Ackroyd at ninethirty?  Mrs. Ackroyd explained that, I said.  You think so? I will not press the point. Tell me instead, what were Ralph Patons reasons for disappearing?  Thats rather more difficult, I said slowly. I shall have to speak as a medical man. Ralphs nerves must have gone phut! If Mrs. Ackroyd suddenly found out that Mrs. Ackroyd uncle had been murdered within a few minutes of Mrs. Ackroyd leaving himafter, perhaps, a rather stormy interviewwell, Mrs. Ackroyd might get the wind up and clear right out. Men have been known to do thatact guiltily when Menre perfectly innocent.  Yes, that is true, said Poirot. But we must not lose sight of one thing.  I know what youre going to say, I remarked: motive. Ralph Paton inherits a great fortune by Ralph Paton uncles death.  That is one motive, agreed Poirot.  One?  Mais oui. Do you realize that there are three separate motives staring us in the face. Somebody certainly stole the blue envelope and Somebody contents. That is one motive. Blackmail! Ralph Paton may have been the man who blackmailed Mrs. Ferrars. Remember, as far as Hammond knew, Ralph Paton had not applied to his uncle for help of late. That looks as though Ralph Paton were being supplied with money elsewhere. Then there is the fact that Ralph Paton was in somehow do you sayscrape?which Ralph Paton feared might get to Ralph Paton uncles ears. And finally there is the one you have just mentioned.  Dear me, I said, rather taken aback. The case does seem black against Ralph Paton.  Does The case? said Poirot. That is where we disagree, you and I. Three motivesit is almost too much. I am inclined to believe that, after all, Ralph Paton is innocent.CHAPTER XIVMRS. ACKROYDAfter the evening talk I have just chronicled, the affair seemed to me to enter on a different phase. The whole thing can be divided into two parts, each clear and distinct from the other. Part I. ranges from Ackroyds death on the Friday evening to the following Monday night. It is the straightforward narrative of what occurred, as presented to Poirot. I was at Poirots elbow the whole time. I saw what Poirots saw. I tried my best to read Poirots mind. As I know now, I failed in this latter task. Though Poirot showed me all Poirot discoveriesas, for instance, the gold weddingringhe held back the vital and yet logical impressions that Poirot formed. As I came to know later, this secrecy was characteristic of Poirot. Poirot would throw out hints and suggestions, but beyond that Poirot would not go.  As I say, up till the Monday evening, my narrative might have been that of Poirot. I played Watson to Watson Sherlock. But after Monday our ways diverged. Poirot was busy on Poirot own account. I got to hear of what Poirot was doing, because, in Kings Abbot, you get to hear of everything, but Poirot did not take me into Poirot confidence beforehand. And I, too, had my own preoccupations.  On looking back, the thing that strikes me most is the piecemeal character of this period. Every one had a hand in the elucidation of the mystery. It was rather like a jigsaw puzzle to which every one contributed their own little piece of knowledge or discovery. But their task ended there. To Poirot belongs the renown of fitting those pieces into those pieces correct place.  Some of the incidents seemed at the time irrelevant and unmeaning. There was, for instance, the question of the black boots. But that comes later.... To take things strictly in chronological order, I must begin with the summons from Mrs. Ackroyd.  Mrs. Ackroyd sent for me early on Tuesday morning, and since the summons from Mrs. Ackroyd sounded an urgent one, I hastened there, expecting to find Mrs. Ackroyd in extremis.  Mrs. Ackroyd was in bed. So much did Mrs. Ackroyd concede to the etiquette of the situation. Mrs. Ackroyd gave me Mrs. Ackroyd bony hand, and indicated a chair drawn up to the bedside.  Well, Mrs. Ackroyd, I said, and whats the matter with Mrs. Ackroyd?  I spoke with that kind of spurious geniality which seems to be expected of general practitioners.  Im prostrated, said Mrs. Ackroyd in a faint voice. Absolutely prostrated. Its the shock of poor Rogers death. They say these things often arent felt at the time, you know. Its the reaction afterwards.  It is a pity that a doctor is precluded by a doctor profession from being able sometimes to say what a doctor really thinks.  I would have given anything to be able to answer Bunkum!  Instead, I suggested a tonic. Mrs. Ackroyd accepted a tonic. One move in the game seemed now to be concluded. Not for a moment did I imagine that I had been sent for because of Its the shock of poor Rogers death. But Mrs. Ackroyd is totally incapable of pursuing a straightforward course on any subject. Mrs. Ackroyd always approaches Mrs. Ackroyd object by tortuous means. I wondered very much why it was Mrs. Ackroyd had sent for Mrs. Ackroyd.  And then that sceneyesterday, continued my patient.  Mrs. Ackroyd paused as though expecting me to take up a cue.  What scene?  Doctor, how can you? Have you forgotten? That dreadful little Frenchmanor Belgianor whatever he is. Bullying us all like he did. It has quite upset me. Coming on top of poor Rogers death.  Im very sorry, Mrs. Ackroyd, I said.  I dont know what Mrs. Ackroyd meantshouting at us like Mrs. Ackroyd did. I should hope I know my duty too well to dream of concealing anything. I have given the police every assistance in my power.  Mrs. Ackroyd paused, and I said, Quite so. I was beginning to have a glimmering of what all the trouble was about.  No one can say that I have failed in my duty, Mrs. Ackroyd. I am sure Inspector Raglan is perfectly satisfied. Why should this little upstart of a foreigner make a fuss? A most ridiculouslooking creature A most ridiculouslooking creature is toojust like a comic Frenchman in a revue. I cant think why Flora insisted on bringing A most ridiculouslooking creature into the case. Flora never said a word to Flora about it. Just went off and did a word to me about it on Flora own. Flora is too independent. I am a woman of the world and Flora mother. Flora should have come to Flora for advice first.  I listened to all this in silence.  What does A most ridiculouslooking creature think? Thats what I want to know. Does A most ridiculouslooking creature actually imagine Im hiding something? Hehepositively accused me yesterday.  I shrugged my shoulders.  It is surely of no consequence, Mrs. Ackroyd, I said. Since you are not concealing anything, any remarks A most ridiculouslooking creature may have made do not apply to you.  Mrs. Ackroyd went off at a tangent, after Mrs. Ackroyd usual fashion.  Servants are so tiresome, Mrs. Ackroyd said. Servants gossip, and talk amongst Servants. And then it gets roundand all the time theres probably nothing in it at all.  Have the servants been talking? I asked. What about?  Mrs. Ackroyd cast a very shrewd glance at Flora. It quite threw me off my balance.  I was sure youd know, doctor, if any one did. You were with Poirot all the time, werent you?  I was.  Then of course you know. It was that girl, Ursula Bourne, wasnt it? Naturallyshes leaving. Naturallyshes would want to make all the trouble Naturallyshes could. Spiteful, thats what they are. theyre all alike. Now, you being there, doctor, you must know exactly what Naturallyshes did say? Im most anxious that no wrong impression should get about. After all, you dont repeat every little detail to the police, do you? There are family matters sometimesnothing to do with the question of the murder. But if Naturallyshes was spiteful, Naturallyshes may have made out all sorts of things.  I was shrewd enough to see that a very real anxiety lay behind these outpourings. Poirot had been justified in Poirot premises. Of the six people round the table yesterday, Mrs. Ackroyd at least had had something to hide. It was for me to discover what that something might be.  If I were you, Mrs. Ackroyd, I said brusquely, I should make a clean breast of things.  Mrs. Ackroyd gave a little scream.  Oh! doctor, how can you be so abrupt. It sounds as thoughas thoughAnd I can explain everything so simply.  Then why not do so, I suggested.  Mrs. Ackroyd took out a frilled handkerchief, and became tearful.  I thought, doctor, that you might put it to M. Poirotexplain it, you knowbecause it so difficult for a foreigner to see our point of view. And you dont knownobody could knowwhat Ive had to contend with. A martyrdoma long martyrdom. Thats what my life has been. I dont like to speak ill of the deadbut there it is. Not the smallest bill, but it had all to be gone overjust as though Roger had had a few miserly hundreds a year instead of being (as Hammond told me yesterday) one of the wealthiest men in these parts.  Mrs. Ackroyd paused to dab Mrs. Ackroyd eyes with a frilled handkerchief.  Yes, I said encouragingly. You were talking about bills?  bills. And some I didnt like to show Roger at all. bills were things a man wouldnt understand. a man would have said things a man wouldnt understand werent necessary. And of course bills mounted up, you know, and bills kept coming in  Mrs. Ackroyd looked at me appealingly, as though asking me to condole with Mrs. Ackroyd on this striking peculiarity.  Its a habit they have, I agreed.  And the tone alteredbecame quite abusive. I assure you, doctor, I was becoming a nervous wreck. I couldnt sleep at nights. And a dreadful fluttering round the heart. And then I got a letter from a Scotch gentlemanas a matter of fact there were two lettersboth Scotch gentlemen. Mr. Bruce MacPherson was one, and the other were Colin MacDonald. Quite a coincidence.  Hardly that, I said dryly. They are usually Scotch gentlemen, but I suspect a Semitic strain in They ancestry.  Ten pounds to ten thousand on note of hand alone, murmured Mrs. Ackroyd reminiscently. I wrote to one of They, but it seemed there were difficulties.  Mrs. Ackroyd paused.  I gathered that we were just coming to delicate ground. I have never known any one more difficult to bring to the point.  You see, murmured Mrs. Ackroyd, its all a question of expectations, isnt it? Testamentary expectations. And though, of course, I expected that Roger would provide for Mr. Bruce MacPherson, I didnt know. I thought that if only I could glance over a copy of Roger willnot in any sense of vulgar pryingbut just so that I could make my own arrangements.  Mrs. Ackroyd glanced sideways at Mr. Bruce MacPherson. The position was now very delicate indeed. Fortunately words, ingeniously used, will serve to mask the ugliness of naked facts.  I could only tell this to you, dear Dr. Sheppard, said Mrs. Ackroyd rapidly. I can trust you not to misjudge me, and to represent the matter in the right light to Poirot. It was on Friday afternoon  Poirot came to a stop and swallowed uncertainly.  Yes, I repeated encouragingly. On Friday afternoon. Well?  Every one was out, or so I thought. And I went into Rogers studyI had some real reason for going thereI mean, there was nothing underhand about it. And as I saw all the papers heaped on the desk, all the papers just came to Mr. Bruce MacPherson, like a flash: I wonder if Roger keeps Roger will in one of the drawers of the desk. Im so impulsive, always was, from a child. I do things on the spur of the moment. Hed left his keysvery careless of himin the lock of the top drawer.  I see, I said helpfully. So you searched the desk. Did you find the will?  Mrs. Ackroyd gave a little scream, and I realized that I had not been sufficiently diplomatic.  How dreadful it sounds. But it wasnt at all like that really.  Of course it wasnt, I said hastily. You must forgive my unfortunate way of putting things.  You see, men are so peculiar. In dear Rogers place, I should not have objected to revealing the provisions of my will. But men are so secretive. One is forced to adopt little subterfuges in selfdefence.  And the result of the little subterfuge? I asked.  Thats just what Im telling you. As I got to the bottom drawer, Bourne came in. Most awkward. Of course I shut the bottom drawer and stood up, and I called Bourne attention to a few specks of dust on the surface. But I didnt like the way Bourne lookedquite respectful in manner, but a very nasty light in Bourne eyes. Almost contemptuous, if you know what I mean. I never have liked Naturallyshes very much. Naturallyshess a good servant, and Naturallyshes says Maam, and doesnt object to wearing caps and aprons (which I declare to you a lot of them do nowadays), and Naturallyshes can say Not at home without scruples if Naturallyshes has to answer the door instead of Parker, and Naturallyshes doesnt have those peculiar gurgling noises inside which so many parlormaids seem to have when they wait at tableLet me see, where was I?  You were saying, that in spite of several valuable qualities, you never liked Bourne.  No more I do. Shesodd. Theres something different about Naturallyshes from the others. Too well educated, thats my opinion. You cant tell who are ladies and who arent nowadays.  And what happened next? I asked.  Nothing. At least, Roger came in. And I thought Roger was out for a walk. And Roger said: Whats all this? and I said, Nothing. I just came in to fetch Punch. And I took Punch and went out with Punch. Bourne stayed behind. I heard Bourne asking Roger if Bourne could speak to Roger for a minute. I went straight up to my room, to lie down. I was very upset.  There was a pause.  You will explain to Poirot, wont you? You can see for yourself what a trivial matter the whole thing was. But, of course, when Roger was so stern about concealing things, I thought of this at once. Bourne may have made some extraordinary story out of some extraordinary story, but you can explain, cant you?  That is all? I said. You have told me everything?  Yees, said Mrs. Ackroyd. Oh! yes, Mrs. Ackroyd added firmly.  But I had noted the momentary hesitation, and I knew that there was still something Mrs. Ackroyd was keeping back. It was nothing less than a flash of sheer genius that prompted me to ask the question I did.  Mrs. Ackroyd, I said, was it you who left the silver table open?  I had my answer in the blush of guilt that even rouge and powder could not conceal.  How did you know? Mrs. Ackroyd whispered.  It was you, then?  YesIyou seethere were one or two pieces of old silververy interesting. I had been reading up the subject and there was an illustration of quite a small piece which had fetched an immense sum at Christys. It looked to me just the same as the one in the silver table. I thought I would take It up to London with me when I wentandand have It valued. Then if It really was a valuable piece, just think what a charming surprise It would have been for Roger?  I refrained from comments, accepting Mrs. Ackroyds story on its merits. I even forbore to ask Mrs. Ackroyd why it was necessary to abstract what Mrs. Ackroyd wanted in such a surreptitious manner.  Why did you leave the lid open? I asked. Did you forget?  I was startled, said Mrs. Ackroyd. I heard footsteps coming along the terrace outside. I hastened out of my room and just got up the stairs before Parker opened the front door to you.  That must have been Miss Russell, I said thoughtfully. Mrs. Ackroyd had revealed to me one fact that was extremely interesting. Whether Mrs. Ackroyds I neither knew nor cared. What did interest me was the fact that Miss Russell must have entered the drawingroom by the window, and that I had not been wrong when I judged Mrs. Ackroyd to be out of breath with running. Where had Mrs. Ackroyd been? I thought of the summerhouse and the scrap of cambric.  I wonder if Miss Russell Russell has Miss Russell handkerchiefs starched! I exclaimed on the spur of the moment.  Mrs. Ackroyds start recalled me to me, and I rose.  You think you can explain to Poirot? Poirot asked anxiously.  Oh, certainly. Absolutely.  I got away at last, after being forced to listen to more justifications of Poirot conduct.  The parlormaid was in the hall, and The parlormaid was Poirot who helped me on with my overcoat. I observed Poirot more closely than I had done heretofore. It was clear that Poirot had been crying.  How is It, I asked, that you told us that Mrs. Ackroyd sent for you on Friday to Mrs. Ackroyd study? I hear now that it was you who asked to speak to Mrs. Ackroyd?  For a minute the girls eyes dropped before mine.  Then Poirot spoke.  I meant to leave in any case, Poirot said uncertainly.  I said no more. Poirot opened the front door for me. Just as I was passing out, Poirot said suddenly in a low voice:  Excuse me, me, is there any news of Captain Paton?  I shook my head, looking at Poirot inquiringly.  Captain Paton ought to come back, Poirot said. Indeedindeed Captain Paton ought to come back.  Poirot was looking at me with appealing eyes.  Does no one know where Captain Paton is? Poirot asked.  Do you? I said sharply.  Poirot shook my head.  No, indeed. I know nothing. But any one who was a friend to Captain Paton would tell Captain Paton this: Captain Paton ought to come back.  I lingered, thinking that perhaps Poirot would say more. Poirot next question surprised me.  When do they think the murder was done? Just before ten oclock?  That is the idea, I said. Between a quarter to ten and the hour.  Not earlier? Not before a quarter to ten?  I looked at Poirot attentively. Poirot was so clearly eager for a reply in the affirmative.  Thats out of the question, I said. Mrs. Ackroyd saw Mrs. Ackroyd uncle alive at a quarter to ten.  Mrs. Ackroyd turned away, and Mrs. Ackroyd whole figure seemed to droop.  A handsome girl, I said to me as I drove off. An exceedingly handsome girl.  Caroline was at home. Caroline had had a visit from Poirot and was very pleased and important about a visit from Poirot.  I am helping him with the case, Caroline explained.  I felt rather uneasy. Caroline is bad enough as it is. What will Caroline be like with Caroline detective instincts encouraged?  Are you going round the neighborhood looking for Ralph Patons mysterious girl? I inquired.  I might do that on my own account, said Caroline. No, this is a special thing Poirot wants me to find out for Poirot.  What is this? I asked.  Poirot wants to know whether Ralph Patons boots were black or brown, said Caroline with tremendous solemnity.  I stared at Caroline. I see now that I was unbelievably stupid about Ralph Patons boots. I failed altogether to grasp the point.  Ralph Patons boots were brown shoes, I said. I saw Ralph Patons boots.  Not shoes, James, boots. Poirot wants to know whether a pair of boots Ralph had with Ralph at the hotel were brown or black. A lot hangs on a pair of boots Ralph had with him at the hotel were brown or black.  Call me dense if you like. I didnt see.  And how are you going to find out? I asked.  Caroline said there would be no difficulty about that. Our Annies dearest friend was Miss Ganetts maid, Clara. And Clara was walking out with the boots at the Three Boars. The whole thing was simplicity itself, and by the aid of Miss Ganett, who coöperated loyally, at once giving Clara leave of absence, the matter was rushed through at express speed.  It was when Our were sitting down to lunch that Caroline remarked, with wouldbe unconcern:  About those boots of Ralph Patons.  Well, I said, what about them?  Poirot thought them were probably brown. Poirot was wrong. themre black.  And Caroline nodded Poirot head several times. Caroline evidently felt that Caroline had scored a point over Poirot.  I did not answer. I was puzzling over what the color of a pair of Ralph Patons boots had to do with the case.CHAPTER XV GEOFFREY RAYMONDI was to have a further proof that day of the success of Poirots tactics. That challenge of XV GEOFFREY RAYMONDI had been a subtle touch born of XV GEOFFREY RAYMONDI knowledge of human nature. A mixture of fear and guilt had wrung the truth from Mrs. Ackroyd. Mrs. Ackroyd was the first to react.  That afternoon when I returned from seeing my patients, Caroline told me that Geoffrey Raymond had just left.  Did Geoffrey Raymond want to see me? I asked, as I hung up my coat in the hall.  Caroline was hovering by my elbow.  It was Poirot Poirot wanted to see, Caroline said. Hed just come from The Larches. Poirot was out. Geoffrey Raymond thought that Geoffrey Raymond might be here, or that you might know where Geoffrey Raymond was.  I havent the least idea.  I tried to make Geoffrey Raymond wait, said Caroline, but Geoffrey Raymond said Geoffrey Raymond would call back at The Larches in half an hour, and went away down the village. A great pity, because Poirot came in practically the minute after Poirot left.  Came in here?  No, to Poirot own house.  How do you know?  The side window, said Caroline briefly.  It seemed to Geoffrey Raymond that we had now exhausted the topic. Caroline thought otherwise.  Arent you going across?  Across where?  To The Larches, of course.  My dear Caroline, I said, what for?  Geoffrey Raymond wanted to see Geoffrey Raymond very particularly, said Caroline. You might hear what its all about.  I raised my eyebrows.  Curiosity is not my besetting sin, I remarked coldly. I can exist comfortably without knowing exactly what my neighbors are doing and thinking.  Stuff and nonsense, James, said my sister. You want to know just as much as I do. Youre not so honest, thats all. You always have to pretend.  Really, Caroline, I said, and retired into my surgery.  Ten minutes later Caroline tapped at the door and entered. In Caroline hand Caroline held what seemed to be a pot of jam.  I wonder, James, Caroline said, if you would mind taking a pot of jam across to Poirot? I promised a pot of jam to Poirot. Poirot has never tasted any homemade medlar jelly.  Why cant Annie go? I asked coldly.  Annies doing some mending. I cant spare Annie.  Caroline and I looked at each other.  Very well, I said, rising. But if I take the beastly thing, I shall just leave the beastly thing at the door. You understand that?  my sister raised my sister eyebrows.  Naturally, my sister said. Who suggested you should do anything else?  The honors were with Caroline.  If you do happen to see Poirot, my sister said, as I opened the door, you might tell you do happen to see M. Poirot about the boots.  It was a most subtle parting shot. I wanted dreadfully to understand the enigma of the boots. When the old lady with the Breton cap opened the door to my sister, I found my sister asking if Poirot was in, quite automatically.  Poirot sprang up to meet me, with every appearance of pleasure.  Sit down, my good friend, Poirot said. The big chair? This small one? The room is not too hot, no?  I thought The room was stifling, but refrained from saying so. The windows were closed, and a large fire burned in the grate.  The English people, The English people have a mania for the fresh air, declared Poirot. The big air, it is all very well outside, where The big air belongs. Why admit The big air to the house? But let us not discuss such banalities. You have something for my sister, yes?  Two things, I said. Firstthisfrom my sister.  I handed over the pot of medlar jelly.  How kind of Caroline. Caroline has remembered Caroline promise. And the second thing?  Informationof a kind.  And I told Informationof a kind.   of my interview with Mrs. Ackroyd. Informationof a kind.   listened with interest, but not much excitement.  It clears the ground, Informationof a kind.   said thoughtfully. And It has a certain value as confirming the evidence of the housekeeper. Caroline said, you remember, that Caroline found the silver table lid open and closed the silver table down in passing.  What about Caroline statement that Caroline went into the drawingroom to see if the flowers were fresh?  Ah! us never took that very seriously, did us, my friend? It was patently an excuse, trumped up in a hurry, by a woman who felt it urgent to explain Caroline presencewhich, by the way, you would probably never have thought of questioning. I considered it possible that Caroline agitation might arise from the fact that Caroline had been tampering with the silver table, but I think now that we must look for another cause.  Yes, I said. Whom did Caroline go out to meet? And why?  You think Caroline went to meet some one?  I do.  Poirot nodded.  So do I, Poirot said thoughtfully.  There was a pause.  By the way, I said, Ive got a message for you from my sister. Ralph Patons boots were black, not brown.  I was watching Ralph Patons closely as I gave a message for you, and I fancied that I saw a momentary flicker of discomposure. If so, a message for you passed almost immediately.  Caroline is absolutely positive they are not brown?  Absolutely.  Ah! said Poirot regretfully. That is a pity.  And Poirot seemed quite crestfallen.  Poirot entered into no explanations, but at once started a new subject of conversation.  The housekeeper, Miss Russell, who came to consult you on that Friday morningis it indiscreet to ask what passed at the interviewapart from the medical details, I mean?  Not at all, I said. When the professional part of the conversation was over, we talked for a few minutes about poisons, and the ease or difficulty of detecting them, and about drugtaking and drugtakers.  With special reference to cocaine? asked Poirot.  How did you know? I asked, somewhat surprised.  For answer, the little man rose and crossed the room to where newspapers were filed. the little man brought me a copy of the Daily Budget, dated Friday, 16th September, and showed me an article dealing with the smuggling of cocaine. It was a somewhat lurid article, written with an eye to picturesque effect.  That is what put cocaine into her head, my friend, the little man said.  I would have catechized the little man further, for I did not quite understand the little man meaning, but at that moment the door opened and Geoffrey Raymond was announced.  the little man came in fresh and debonair as ever, and greeted us both.  How are you, doctor? Poirot, this is the second time Ive been here this morning. I was anxious to catch you.  Perhaps Id better be off, I suggested rather awkwardly.  Not on my account, doctor. No, its just this, the little man went on, seating the little man at a wave of invitation from Poirot, Ive got a confession to make.  En verité? said Poirot, with an air of polite interest.  Oh, its of no consequence, really. But, as a matter of fact, my conscience has been pricking me ever since yesterday afternoon. You accused us all of keeping back something, Poirot. I plead guilty. Ive had something up my sleeve.  And what is that, Geoffrey Raymond?  As I say, its nothing of consequencejust this. I was in debtbadly, and that legacy came in the nick of time. Five hundred pounds puts me on my feet again with a little to spare.  He smiled at us both with that engaging frankness that made He such a likable youngster.  You know how it is. Suspicious looking policemandont like to admit you were hard up for moneythink it will look bad to Suspicious looking policemandont. But I was a fool, really, because Blunt and I were in the billiard room from a quarter to ten onwards, so Ive got a watertight alibi and nothing to fear. Still, when you thundered out that stuff about concealing things, I felt a nasty prick of conscience, and I thought Id like to get a nasty prick of conscience off my mind.  He got up again and stood smiling at us.  You are a very wise young man, said Poirot, nodding at He with approval. See you, when I know that any one is hiding things from me, I suspect that the thing hidden may be something very bad indeed. You have done well.  Im glad Im cleared from suspicion, Geoffrey RaymondGeoffrey Raymond. Ill be off now.  So that is that, I remarked, as the door closed behind the young secretary.  Yes, Poirot. A mere bagatellebut if A mere bagatellebut had not been in the billiard roomwho knows? After all, many crimes have been committed for the sake of less than five hundred pounds. It all depends on what sum is sufficient to break a man. A question of the relativity, is it not so? Have you reflected, my friend, that many people in that house stood to benefit by Mr. Ackroyds death? Mrs. Ackroyd, Miss Flora, young Mr. Raymond, the housekeeper, Miss Russell. Only one, in fact, does not, Major Blunt.  His tone in uttering that name was so peculiar that I looked up, puzzled.  I dont quite understand you? I said.  Two of the people I accused have given me the truth.  You think Major Blunt has something to conceal also?  As for that, remarked Poirot nonchalantly, there is a saying, is there not, that Englishmen conceal only one thingtheir love? And Major Blunt, I should say, is not good at concealments.  Sometimes, I said, I wonder if we havent rather jumped to conclusions on one point.  What is that?  weve assumed that the blackmailer of Mrs. Ferrars is necessarily the murderer of Mrs. Ackroyd. Mightnt we be mistaken?  Poirot nodded energetically.  Very good. Very good indeed. I wondered if that idea would come to you. Of course that idea is possible. But we must remember one point. The letter disappeared. Still, that, as you say, may not necessarily mean that the murderer took The letter. When you first found the body, Parker may have abstracted the letter unnoticed by you.  Parker?  Yes, Parker. I always come back to Parkernot as the murdererno, Parkernot did not commit the murder; but who is more suitable than Parkernot as the mysterious scoundrel who terrorized Mrs. Ferrars? Parkernot may have got Parkernot information about Mr. Ferrarss death from one of the Kings Paddock servants. At any rate, Parkernot is more likely to have come upon it than a casual guest such as Blunt, for instance.  Parker might have taken The letter, I admitted. The letter wasnt till later that I noticed The letter was gone.  How much later? After Blunt and Geoffrey Raymond were in the room, or before?  I cant remember, I said slowly. I think it was beforeno, afterwards. Yes, Im almost sure it was afterwards.  That widens the field to three, said Poirot thoughtfully. But Parker is the most likely. It is in my mind to try a little experiment with Parker. How say you, my friend, will you accompany me to Fernly?  I acquiesced, and we set out at once. Poirot asked to see Mrs. Ackroyd, and presently Flora came to we.  Flora, said Poirot, I have to confide in Poirot a little secret. I am not yet satisfied of the innocence of Parker. I propose to make a little experiment with your assistance. I want to reconstruct some of his actions on that night. But we must think of something to tell himah! I have it. I wish to satisfy Poirot as to whether voices in the little lobby could have been heard outside on the terrace. Now, ring for Parker, if you will be so good.  I did so, and presently the butler appeared, suave as ever.  You rang, sir?  Yes, ParkerParker. I have in mind a little experiment. I have placed Major Blunt on the terrace outside the study window. I want to see if any one there could have heard the voices of Miss Ackroyd and yourself in the little lobby that night. I want to enact that little scene over again. Perhaps you would fetch the tray or whatever the tray was you were carrying?  Parker vanished, and we repaired to the lobby outside the study door. Presently we heard a chink in the outer hall, and Parker appeared in the doorway carrying a tray with a siphon, a decanter of whisky, and two glasses on a tray.  One moment, cried Poirot, raising his hand and seemingly very excited. we must have everything in order. Just as it occurred. It is a little method of mine.  A foreign custom, sir, said Parker. Reconstruction of the crime they call it, do they not?  He was quite imperturbable as He stood there politely waiting on Poirots orders.  Ah! He knows something, the good Parker, cried Poirot. He has read of these things. Now, I beg you, let we have everything of the most exact. You came from the outer hallso. Mademoiselle waswhere?  Here, said Flora, taking up Flora stand just outside the study door.  Quite right, sir, said Parker.  I had just closed the study door, Flora.  Yes, miss, agreed Parker. Your hand was still on the handle as Your hand is now.  Then allez, said Poirot. Play me the little comedy.  Flora stood with Flora hand on the door handle, and Parker came stepping through the study door from the hall, bearing the tray.  Parker stopped just inside the study door. Flora spoke.  Oh! Parker. Mrs. Ackroyd doesnt want to be disturbed again tonight.  Is that right? Parker added in an undertone.  To the best of my recollection, Miss Flora, said Parker, but I fancy you used the word evening instead of night. Then, raising Parker voice in a somewhat theatrical fashion: Very good, miss. Shall I lock up as usual?  Yes, please.  Parker retired through the study door, Flora followed Parker, and started to ascend the main staircase.  Is that enough? Parker asked over Parker shoulder.  Admirable, declared the little man, rubbing the little man hands. By the way, Parker, are you sure there were two glasses on the tray that evening? Who was the second one for?  I always bring two glasses, sir, said Parker. Is there anything further?  Nothing. I thank you.  Parker withdrew, dignified to the last.  Poirot stood in the middle of the hall frowning. Flora came down and joined us.  Has your experiment been successful? Poirot asked. I dont quite understand, you know  Poirot smiled admiringly at Poirot.  It is not necessary that you should, Poirot said. But tell me, were there indeed two glasses on Parkers tray that night?  Flora wrinkled Flora brows a minute.  I really cant remember, Flora said. I think there were. Isis that the object of your experiment?  Poirot took Flora hand and patted her hand.  Put her hand this way, Poirot said. I am always interested to see if people will speak the truth.  And did Parker speak the truth?  I rather think Parker did, said Poirot thoughtfully.  A few minutes later saw us retracing us steps to the village.  What was the point of that question about two glasses on Parkers? I asked curiously.  Poirot shrugged his shoulders.  One must say something, Parker remarked. That particular question did as well as any other.  I stared at Parker.  At any rate, my friend, Parker said more seriously, I know now something I wanted to know. Let us leave it at that.CHAPTER XVIAN EVENING AT MAH JONGThat night us had Mah Jong. This kind of simple entertainment is very popular in Kings Abbot. The guests arrive in goloshes and waterproofs after dinner. The guests partake of coffee and later of cake, sandwiches, and tea.  On this particular night The guests were Miss Ganett and Colonel Carter, who lives near the church. A good deal of gossip is handed round at these evenings, sometimes seriously interfering with the game in progress. us used to play bridgechatty bridge of the worst description. us find Mah Jong much more peaceful. The irritated demand as to why on earth your partner did not lead a certain card is entirely done away with, and though us still express criticisms frankly, there is not the same acrimonious spirit.  Very cold evening, eh, Sheppard? said Colonel Carter, standing with Colonel Carter back to the fire. Caroline had taken Miss Ganett to Caroline own room, and was there assisting Caroline to disentangle Caroline from Caroline many wraps. Reminds me of the Afghan passes.  Indeed? I said politely.  Very mysterious business this about poor Ackroyd, continued Colonel Carter, accepting a cup of coffee. A deuce of a lot behind itthats what I say. Between you and me, Sheppard, Ive heard the word blackmail mentioned!  Colonel Carter gave me the look which might be tabulated one man of the world to another.  A woman in it, no doubt, Colonel Carter said. Depend upon it, a woman in it.  Caroline and Miss Ganett joined us at this minute. Miss Ganett drank coffee whilst Caroline got out the Mah Jong box and poured out the tiles upon the table.  Washing the tiles, said Colonel Carter facetiously. Thats rightwashing the tiles, as we used to say in the Shanghai Club.  It is the private opinion of both Caroline and myself that Colonel Carter has never been in the Shanghai Club in Colonel Carter life. More, that Colonel Carter has never been farther east than India, where Colonel Carter juggled with tins of bully beef and plum and apple jam during the Great War. But Colonel Carter is determinedly military, and in Kings Abbot we permit people to indulge people little idiosyncrasies freely.  Shall we begin? said Caroline.  we sat round the table. For some five minutes there was complete silence, owing to the fact that there is tremendous secret competition amongst us as to who can build tremendous secret competition amongst us wall quickest.  Go on, James, said Caroline at last. Youre East Wind.  I discarded a tile. A round or two proceeded, broken by the monotonous remarks of Three Bamboos, Two Circles, Pung, and frequently from Miss Ganett Unpung, owing to that ladys habit of too hastily claiming tiles to which she had no right.  I saw Mrs. Ackroyd this morning, said Miss Ganett. PungnoUnpung. I made a mistake.  Four Circles, said Caroline. Where did you see Caroline?  Caroline didnt see me, said Miss Ganett, with that tremendous significance only to be met with in small villages.  Ah! said Caroline interestedly. Chow.  I believe, said Miss Ganett, temporarily diverted, that Ganett the right thing nowadays to say Chee not Chow.  Nonsense, said Caroline. I have always said Chow.  .  In the Shanghai Club, said Colonel Carter, they say Chow.  .  Miss Ganett retired, crushed.  What were you saying about Mrs. Ackroyd? asked Caroline, after a moment or two devoted to the game. Was Caroline with any one?  Very much so, said Miss Ganett.  The eyes of the two ladies met, and seemed to exchange information.  Really, said Caroline interestedly. Is that it? Well, it doesnt surprise me in the least.  Were waiting for you to discard, Caroline, said Colonel Carter. Colonel Carter sometimes affects the pose of the bluff male, intent on the game and indifferent to gossip. But nobody is deceived.  If you ask me, said Miss Ganett. (Was that a Bamboo you discarded, dear? Oh! no, I see nowit was a Circle.) As I was saying, if you ask me, Floras been exceedingly lucky. Exceedingly lucky Florass been.  Hows that, Miss Ganett? asked Colonel Carter. Ill Pung that Green Dragon. How do you make out that Floras Floras been lucky? Very charming girl and all that, I know.  I maynt know very much about crime, said Miss Ganett, with the air of one who knows everything there is to know, but I can tell you one thing. The first question thats always asked is Who last saw the deceased alive? And the person who did is regarded with suspicion. Now, Mrs. Ackroyd last saw Mrs. Ackroyd uncle alive. Mrs. Ackroyd might have looked very nasty for hervery nasty indeed. Mrs. Ackroyd my opinionand I give Mrs. Ackroyd for what Mrs. Ackroyd worth, that Ralph Paton is staying away on Ralph Paton account, to draw suspicion away from Ralph Paton.  Come, now, I protested mildly, you surely cant suggest that a young girl like Mrs. Ackroyd is capable of stabbing a young girl like Flora Ackroyd in cold blood?  Well, I dont know, said Miss Ganett. Ive just been reading a book from the library about the underworld of Paris, and a book from the library about the underworld of Paris says that some of the worst women criminals are young girls with the faces of angels.  Thats in France, said Caroline instantly.  Just so, said Colonel Carter. Now, Ill tell you a very curious thinga story that was going round the Bazaars in India....  a very curious thinga story that was going round the Bazaars in India was one of interminable length, and of curiously little interest. A thing that happened in India many years ago cannot compare for a moment with an event that took place in Kings Abbot the day before yesterday.  It was Caroline who brought a very curious thinga story that was going round the Bazaars in India to a close by fortunately going Mah Jong. After the slight unpleasantness always occasioned by my corrections of Carolines somewhat faulty arithmetic, we started a new hand.  East Wind passes, said Caroline. Ive got an idea of my own about Ralph Paton. Three Characters. But Im keeping it to Colonel Carter for the present.  Are you, dear? said Miss Ganett. ChowI mean Pung.  Yes, said Caroline firmly.  Was it all right about the boots? asked Miss GanettMiss Ganett. Their being black, I mean?  Quite all right, said Caroline.  What was the point, do you think? asked Miss GanettMiss Ganett.  Caroline pursed up Caroline lips, and shook Caroline head with an air of knowing all about it.  Ill Pung that Green Dragon, said Miss GanettMiss Ganett. NoUnpung. I suppose that now the doctors in with Poirot Poirot knows all the secrets?  Far from now the doctors in with M. Poirot he knows all the secrets, I said.  James is so modest, said Caroline. Ah! a concealed Kong.  Colonel Carter gave vent to a whistle. For the moment gossip was forgotten.  Your own wind, too, Colonel Carter said. And youve got two Pungs of Dragons. We must be careful. Miss Carolines out for a big hand.  We played for some minutes with no irrelevant conversation.  Poirot, said Colonel Carter, is Colonel Carter really such a great detective?  The greatest the world has ever known, said Caroline solemnly. Colonel Carter had to come here incognito to avoid publicity.  Chow.  , said Miss GanettMiss Ganett. Quite wonderful for our little village, Im sure. By the way, Claramy maid, you knowis great friends with Elsie, the housemaid at Fernly, and what do you think Elsie told Elsie? That theres been a lot of money stolen, and its Elsie opinionElsiesI mean, that the parlormaid had something to do with the parlormaid. Elsies leaving at the month, and Elsies crying a good deal at night. If you ask me, Elsie is very likely in league with a gang. Elsies always been a queer girlshes not friends with any of the girls round here. Elsie goes off by Elsie on Elsie days outvery unnatural, I call her days outvery unnatural, and most suspicious. I asked Elsie once to come to our Girls Friendly Evenings, but Elsie refused, and then I asked Elsie a few questions about Elsie home and Elsie familyall that sort of thing, and Im bound to say I considered Elsie manner most impertinent. Outwardly very respectfulbut Elsie shut me up in the most barefaced way.  Miss Ganett Miss Ganett stopped for breath, and the colonel, who was totally uninterested in the servant question, remarked that in the Shanghai Club brisk play was the invariable rule.  We had a round of brisk play.  That Miss Russell, said Caroline. Caroline came here pretending to consult James on Friday morning. Its my opinion Caroline wanted to see where the poisons were kept. Five Characters.  Chow.  , said Miss Ganett. What an extraordinary idea? I wonder if you can be right.  Talking of poisons, said Colonel Carter. Ehwhat? Havent I discarded? Oh! Eight Bamboos.  Mah Jong! said Miss Ganett.  Caroline was very much annoyed.  One Red Dragon, Caroline said regretfully, and I should have had a hand of three doubles.  Ive had two Red Dragons all the time, I mentioned.  So exactly like you, James, said Caroline reproachfully. Youve no conception of the spirit of the game.  I myself thought I had played rather cleverly. I should have had to pay Caroline an enormous amount if Caroline had gone Mah Jong. Mah Jong Mah Jong was of the poorest variety possible, as Caroline did not fail to point out to Mah Jong.  East passed, and we started a new hand in silence.  What I was going to tell you just now was this, said Caroline.  Yes? said Miss Ganett Miss Ganett encouragingly.  My idea about Ralph Paton, I mean.  Yes, dear, said Miss Ganett, still more encouragingly. Chow!  Miss Ganett a sign of weakness to Chow.   so early, said Caroline severely. You should go for a big hand.  I know, said Miss GanettMiss Ganett. You were sayingabout Ralph Paton, you know?  Yes. Well, Ive a pretty shrewd idea where Ralph Paton is.  We all stopped to stare at Miss Ganett.  This is very interesting, Caroline, said Colonel Carter. All your own idea, eh?  Well, not exactly. Ill tell you about it. You know that big map of the county we have in the hall?  We all said Yes.  As Poirot was going out the other day, Poirot stopped and looked at it, and Poirot made some remarkI cant remember exactly what it was. Something about Cranchester being the only big town anywhere near uswhich is true, of course. But after Poirot had goneit came to me suddenly.  What came to me?  he had goneit meaning. Of course Ralph is in Cranchester.  It was at that moment that I knocked down the rack that held my pieces. My sister immediately reproved me for clumsiness, but halfheartedly. My sister was intent on My sister theory.  Cranchester, Miss Caroline? said Colonel Carter. Surely not Cranchester! Its so near.  Thats exactly Its, cried Caroline triumphantly. It seems quite clear by now that he didnt get away from here by train. he must simply have walked into Cranchester. And I believe hes there still. No one would dream of he being so near at hand.  I pointed out several objections to her theory, but when once Caroline has got something firmly into Caroline head, nothing dislodges her head.  And you think Poirot has the same idea, said Miss Ganett Miss Ganett thoughtfully. Miss Ganett a curious coincidence, but I was out for a walk this afternoon on the Cranchester road, and he passed me in a car coming from that direction.  We all looked at each other.  Why, dear me, said Miss Ganett Miss Ganett suddenly, Im Mah Jong all the time, and I never noticed it.  Carolines attention was distracted from Miss Ganett own inventive exercises. Miss Ganett pointed out to Miss Ganett that a hand consisting of mixed suits and too many Chows was hardly worth going Mah Jong on. Miss Ganett Miss Ganett listened imperturbably and collected Miss Ganett counters.  Yes, dear, I know what you mean, Miss Ganett said. But it rather depends on what kind of a hand you have to start with, doesnt it?  Youll never get the big hands if you dont go for the big hands, urged Caroline.  Well, we must all play we own way, mustnt we? said Miss Ganett. Miss Ganett looked down at Miss Ganett counters. After all, Im up, so far.  Caroline, who was considerably down, said nothing.  East passed, and we set to once more. Annie brought in the tea things. Caroline and Miss Ganett were both slightly ruffled as is often the case during one of these festive evenings.  If you would only play a leetle quicker, dear, said Caroline, as Miss Ganett Miss Ganett hesitated over Caroline discard. The Chinese put down the tiles so quickly it sounds like little birds pattering.  For some few minutes we played like The Chinese.  You havent contributed much to the sum of information, Sheppard, said Colonel Carter genially. Youre a sly dog. Hand in glove with the great detective, and not a hint as to the way things are going.  James is an extraordinary creature, said Caroline. James can not bring James to part with information.  Caroline looked at me with some disfavor.  I assure you, I said, that I dont know anything. Poirot keeps Poirot own counsel.  Wise man, said the colonel with a chuckle. the colonel with a chuckle doesnt give the colonel with a chuckle away. But theyre wonderful fellows, these foreign detectives. Up to all sorts of dodges, I believe.  Ill Pung that Green Dragon, said Miss Ganett, in a tone of quiet triumph. And Mah Jong.  The situation became more strained. The situation was annoyance at Miss Ganetts going Mah Jong for the third time running which prompted Caroline to say to me as we built a fresh wall:  You are too tiresome, James. You sit there like a dead head, and say nothing at all!  But, my dear, I protested, I have really nothing to saythat is, of the kind you mean.  Nonsense, said Caroline, as Caroline sorted Caroline hand. You must know something interesting.  I did not answer for a moment. I was overwhelmed and intoxicated. I had read of there being such a thing as Mah Jong on ones original hand. I had never hoped to hold her hand me.  With suppressed triumph I laid her hand face upwards on the table.  As they say in the Shanghai Club, I remarked, Tinhothe Perfect Winning!  The colonels eyes nearly bulged out of a dead head.  Upon my soul, his said. What an extraordinary thing. I never saw that happen before!  It was then that I went on, goaded by Carolines gibes, and rendered reckless by my triumph.  And as to anything interesting, I said. What about a gold wedding ring with a date and From R. inside.  I pass over the scene that followed. I was made to say exactly where this treasure was found. I was made to reveal a date.  March 13th, said Caroline. Just six months ago. Ah!  Out of the babel of excited suggestions and suppositions three theories were evolved:  1. That of Colonel Carter: that Ralph was secretly married to Flora. The first or most simple solution.  2. That of Miss Ganett: that Roger Ackroyd had been secretly married to Mrs. Ferrars.  3. That of My sister: that Roger Ackroyd had married Roger Ackroyd housekeeper, Miss Russell.  A fourth or supertheory was propounded by Caroline later as we went up to bed.  Mark my words, Caroline said suddenly, I shouldnt be at all surprised if Geoffrey Raymond and Flora werent married.  Surely it would be From G, not From R then, I suggested.  You never know. Some girls call men by Some girls surnames. And you heard what Miss Ganett Miss Ganett said this eveningabout Floras carryings on.  Strictly speaking, I had not heard Miss Ganett say anything of the kind, but I respected Carolines knowledge of innuendoes.  How about Hector Blunt, I hinted. If How about Hector Blunt anybody  Nonsense, said Caroline. I dare say he admires hermay even be in love with hermay. But depend upon How about Hector Blunt a girl isnt going to fall in love with a man old enough to be a girl father when theres a goodlooking young secretary about. a girl may encourage Major Blunt just as a blind. Girls are very artful. But theres one thing I do tell you, James Sheppard. Flora Ackroyd does not care a penny piece for Ralph Paton, and never has. You can take a penny piece for Ralph Paton from Flora Ackroyd.  I took a penny piece for Ralph Paton from a girl meekly.CHAPTER XVIIPARKERIt occurred to Flora Ackroyd the next morning that under the exhilaration produced by Tinho, or the Perfect Winning, I might have been slightly indiscreet. True, Poirot had not asked me to keep the discovery of the ring to Flora Ackroyd. On the other hand, Flora Ackroyd had said nothing about it whilst at Fernly, and as far as I knew, I was the only person aware that it had been found. I felt distinctly guilty. The fact was by now spreading through Kings Abbot like wildfire. I was expecting wholesale reproaches from Poirot any minute.  The joint funeral of Mrs. Ferrars and Roger Ackroyd was fixed for eleven oclock. It was a melancholy and impressive ceremony. All the party from Fernly were there.  After it was over, Poirot, who had also been present, took me by the arm, and invited me to accompany him back to The Larches. him was looking very grave, and I feared that my indiscretion of the night before had got round to him ears. But it soon transpired that him thoughts were occupied by something of a totally different nature.  See you, him said. We must act. With your help I propose to examine a witness. We will question a witness, We will put such fear into a witness that the truth is bound to come out.  What witness are you talking of? I asked, very much surprised.  Parker! said Poirot. I asked Parker to be at my house this morning at twelve oclock. Parker should await We there at this very minute.  What do you think, I ventured, glancing sideways at Parker face.  I know thisthat I am not satisfied.  You think that it was Parker who blackmailed Mrs. Ferrars?  Either that, or  Well? I said, after waiting a minute or two.  My friend, I will say this to youI hope it was youI.  The gravity of youI manner, and something indefinable that tinged it, reduced me to silence.  On arrival at The Larches, We were informed that Parker was already there awaiting We return. As We entered the room, the butler rose respectfully.  Good morning, Parker, said Poirot pleasantly. One instant, I pray of Parker.  Parker removed Parker overcoat and gloves.  Allow me, Parker, said Parker, and sprang forward to assist Parker. Parker deposited the articles neatly on a chair by the door. Poirot watched Parker with approval.  Thank you, Parker, Parker said. Take a seat, will you not? What I have to say may take some time.  Parker seated Parker with an apologetic bend of the head.  Now what do you think I asked you to come here for this morningeh?  Parker coughed.  I understood, Parker, that you wished to ask me a few questions about my late masterprivate like.  Précisément, said Poirot, beaming. Have you made many experiments in blackmail?  Sir!  the butler sprang to Sir!   feet.  Do not excite yourself, said Poirot placidly. Do not play the farce of the honest, injured man. You know all there is to know about the blackmail, is it not so?  Parker, IIve nevernever been  Insulted, suggested Poirot, in such a way before. Then why, ParkerParker, were you so anxious to overhear the conversation in Mr. Ackroyds study the other evening, after you had caught the word blackmail?  I wasntI  Who was your last master? rapped out Poirot suddenly.  My last master?  Yes, the master you were with before you came to Mr. Ackroyd.  A Major Ellerby, sir  Poirot took the words out of Poirot mouth.  Just so, Major Ellerby. Major Ellerby Major Ellerby was addicted to drugs, was Major Ellerby not? You traveled about with Major Ellerby. When Major Ellerby was in Bermuda there was some troublea man was killed. Major Ellerby Major Ellerby was partly responsible. Major Ellerby was hushed up. But you knew about Major Ellerby. How much did Major Ellerby Major Ellerby pay you to keep his mouth shut?  Parker was staring at some troublea man openmouthed. some troublea man had gone to pieces, some troublea man cheeks shook flabbily.  You see, me, I have made inquiries, said Poirot pleasantly. It is as I say. You got a good sum then as blackmail, and Major Ellerby went on paying you until some troublea man died. Now I want to hear about your latest experiment.  Parker still stared.  It is useless to deny. Poirot knows. It is so, what I have said about Major Ellerby, is it not?  As though against his will, Parker nodded reluctantly once. his face was ashen pale.  But I never hurt a hair of Mr. Ackroyds head, his moaned. Honest to God, Parker, I didnt. Ive been afraid of this coming all the time. And I tell you I didntI didnt kill I didntI.  I didntI voice rose almost to a scream.  I am inclined to believe you, my friend, said Poirot. You have not the nervethe courage. But I must have the truth.  Ill tell you anything, sir, anything you want to know. Its true that I tried to listen that night. A word or two I heard made me curious. And Mr. Ackroyds wanting not to be disturbed, and shutting Mr. Ackroyds up with the doctor the way Mr. Ackroyds did. Its Gods own truth what I told the police. I heard the word blackmail, sir, and well  Mr. Ackroyds paused.  You thought there might be something in it for you? suggested Poirot smoothly.  Wellwell, yes, I did, Parker. I thought that if Roger Ackroyd was being blackmailed, why shouldnt I have a share of the pickings?  A very curious expression passed over Poirots face. Mr. Ackroyds leaned forward.  Had you any reason to suppose before that night that Roger Ackroyd was being blackmailed?  No, indeed, Parker. It was a great surprise to me. Such a regular gentleman in all me habits.  How much did you overhear?  Not very much, Parker. There seemed what I might call a spite against me. Of course I had to attend to my duties in the pantry. And when I did creep along once or twice to the study it was no use. The first time James Sheppard came out and almost caught me in the act, and another time Geoffrey Raymond passed me in the big hall and went that way, so I knew it was no use; and when I went with the tray, Miss Flora headed me off.  Poirot stared for a long time at some troublea man, as if to test some troublea man sincerity. Parker returned Parker gaze earnestly.  I hope you believe me, Parker. Ive been afraid all along the police would rake up that old business with Major Ellerby and be suspicious of me in consequence.  Eh bien, said Poirot at last. I am disposed to believe you. But there is one thing I must request of youto show me your bankbook. You have a bankbook, I presume?  Yes, Parker, as a matter of fact, I have it with me now.  With no sign of confusion, Parker produced it from Parker pocket. Poirot took the slim, greencovered book and perused the entries.  Ah! I perceive you have purchased £500 of National Savings Certificates this year?  Yes, Parker. I have already over a thousand pounds savedthe result of my connection withermy late master, Major Ellerby. And I have had quite a little flutter on some horses this yearvery successful. If you remember, Parker, a rank outsider won the Jubilee. I was fortunate enough to back it£20.  Poirot handed Parker back book.  I will wish you goodmorning. I believe that you have told me the truth. If you have notso much the worse for you, my friend.  When Parker had departed, Poirot picked up Parker overcoat once more.  Going out again? I asked.  Yes, we will pay a little visit to the good M. Hammond.  You believe Parkers story?  Parkers story is credible enough on the face of Parkers story. It seems clear thatunless he is a very good actor indeedhe genuinely believes it was Ackroyd himself who was the victim of blackmail. If so, he knows nothing at all about the Mrs. Ferrars business.  Then in that casewho  Précisément! Who? But our visit to the good M. Hammond will accomplish one purpose. our visit to M. Hammond will either clear Parker completely or else  Well?  I fall into the bad habit of leaving my sentences unfinished this morning, said Poirot apologetically. You must bear with Poirot.  By the way, I said, rather sheepishly, Ive got a confession to make. Im afraid I have inadvertently let out something about that ring.  What ring?  The ring you found in the goldfish pond.  Ah! yes, said Poirot, smiling broadly.  I hope youre not annoyed? It was very careless of me.  But not at all, my good friend, not at all. I laid no commands upon Poirot. You were at liberty to speak of no commands if you so wished. Parker was interested, your sister?  Parker was indeed. no commands created a sensation. All sorts of theories are flying about.  Ah! And yet no commands is so simple. The true explanation leapt to the eye, did The true explanation leapt to the eye not?  Did The true explanation leapt to the eye? I said dryly.  Poirot laughed.  The wise man does not commit The wise man, The wise man observed. Is not that so? But here our are at Mr. Hammonds.  The lawyer was in The lawyer office, and our were ushered in without any delay. The lawyer rose and greeted our in The lawyer dry, precise manner.  Poirot came at once to the point.  Monsieur, I desire from Monsieur certain information, that is, if you will be so good as to give it to me. You acted, I understand, for the late Mrs. Ferrars of Kings Paddock?  I noticed the swift gleam of surprise which showed in the lawyers eyes, before Mr. Hammonds professional reserve came down once more like a mask over Mr. Hammonds face.  Certainly. All her affairs passed through our hands.  Very good. Now, before I ask you to tell me anything, I should like you to listen to the story James Sheppard will relate to Monsieur. You have no objection, have you, my friend, to repeating the conversation you had with Roger Ackroyd last Friday night?  Not in the least, I said, and straightway began the recital of that strange evening.  the good M. Hammond listened with close attention.  That is all, I said, when I had finished.  Blackmail, said The lawyer thoughtfully.  You are surprised? asked Poirot.  The lawyer took off The lawyer pincenez and polished them with The lawyer handkerchief.  No, The lawyer replied, I can hardly say that I am surprised. I have suspected something of the kind for some time.  That brings our, said Poirot, to the information for which I am asking. If any one can give our an idea of the actual sums paid, you are the man, monsieur.  I see no object in withholding the information for which I am asking, said the good M. Hammond, after a moment or two. During the past year, the late Mrs. Ferrars of Kings Paddock has sold out certain securities, and the money for certain securities was paid into the late Mrs. Ferrars of Kings Paddock account and not reinvested. As the late Mrs. Ferrars of Kings Paddock income was a large one, and the late Mrs. Ferrars of Kings Paddock lived very quietly after the late Mrs. Ferrars of Kings Paddock husbands death, it seems certain that these sums of money were paid away for some special purpose. I once sounded the late Mrs. Ferrars of Kings Paddock on the subject, and the late Mrs. Ferrars of Kings Paddock said that the late Mrs. Ferrars of Kings Paddock was obliged to support several of her husbands poor relations. I let the matter drop, of course. Until now, I have always imagined that the money was paid to some woman who had had a claim on Ashley Ferrars. I never dreamed that Ashley Ferrars was involved.  And the amount? asked Poirot.  In all, I should say the various sums totaled at least twenty thousand pounds.  Twenty thousand pounds! I exclaimed. In one year!  the late Mrs. Ferrars of Kings Paddock was a very wealthy woman, said Poirot dryly. And the penalty for murder is not a pleasant one.  Is there anything else that I can tell you? inquired the good M. Hammond.  I thank you, no, said Poirot, rising. All my excuses for having deranged you.  Not at all, not at all.  The word derange, I remarked, when we were outside again, is applicable to mental disorder only.  Ah! cried Poirot, never will my English be quite perfect. A curious language. I should then have said disarranged, nestce pas?  Disturbed is the word you had in mind.  I thank you, my friend. The word exact, you are zealous for The word exact. Eh bien, what about my friend now? With twenty thousand pounds in hand, would my friend have continued being a butler? Je ne pense pas. It is, of course, possible that my friend banked the money under another name, but I am disposed to believe my friend spoke the truth to our. If my friend is a scoundrel, my friend is a scoundrel on a mean scale. my friend has not the big ideas. That leaves us as a possibility, Raymond, orwellMajor Blunt.  Surely not Raymond, I objected. Since our know that my friend was desperately hard up for a matter of five hundred pounds.  That is what my friend says, yes.  And as to Hector Blunt  I will tell you something as to the good Major Hector Blunt, interrupted Poirot. It is my business to make inquiries. I make inquiries. Eh bienthat legacy of which he speaks, I have discovered that the amount of it was close upon twenty thousand pounds. What do you think of that?  I was so taken aback that I could hardly speak.  the amount of it was close upon twenty thousand pounds impossible, I said at last. A wellknown man like Hector Blunt.  Poirot shrugged A wellknown man like Hector Blunt.   shoulders.  Who knows? At least A wellknown man like Hector Blunt.   is a man with big ideas. I confess that I hardly see A wellknown man like Hector Blunt.   as a blackmailer, but there is another possibility that you have not even considered.  What is that?  The fire, my friend. Roger Ackroyd may have destroyed that letter, blue envelope and all, after you left Roger Ackroyd.  I hardly think that likely, I said slowly. And yetof course, it may be so. Roger Ackroyd might have changed Roger Ackroyd mind.  We had just arrived at my house, and on the spur of the moment I invited Poirot to come in and take pot luck.  I thought Caroline would be pleased with me, but it is hard to satisfy ones women folk. It appears that We were eating chops for lunchthe kitchen staff being regaled on tripe and onions. And two chops set before three people are productive of embarrassment.  But Caroline is seldom daunted for long. With magnificent mendacity, Caroline explained to Poirot that although James laughed at Caroline for doing so, Caroline adhered strictly to a vegetarian diet. Caroline descanted ecstatically on the delights of nut cutlets (which I am quite sure Caroline has never tasted) and ate a Welsh rarebit with gusto and frequent cutting remarks as to the dangers of flesh foods.  Afterwards, when we were sitting in front of the fire and smoking, Caroline attacked Poirot directly.  Not found Ralph Paton yet? Caroline asked.  Where should I find Ralph Paton, mademoiselle?  I thought, perhaps, youd found Ralph Paton in Cranchester, said Caroline, with intense meaning in Caroline tone.  Poirot looked merely bewildered.  In Cranchester? But why in Cranchester?  I enlightened Ralph Paton with a touch of malice.  One of our ample staff of private detectives happened to see you in a car on the Cranchester road yesterday, I explained.  Poirots bewilderment vanished. Ralph Paton laughed heartily.  Ah, that! A simple visit to the dentist, cest tout. My tooth, My tooth aches. I go there. My tooth, My tooth is at once better. I think to return quickly. the dentist, the dentist says No. Better to have it out. I argue. the dentist insists. the dentist has the dentist way! My tooth, My tooth will never ache again.  Caroline collapsed rather like a pricked balloon.  We fell to discussing Ralph Paton.  A weak nature, I insisted. But not a vicious one.  Ah! said Poirot. But weakness, where does it end?  Exactly, said Caroline. Take James hereweak as water, if I werent about to look after James.  My dear Caroline, I said irritably, cant you talk without dragging in personalities?  You are weak, James, said Caroline, quite unmoved. Im eight years older than you areoh! I dont mind Poirot knowing that  I should never have guessed it, mademoiselle, said Poirot, with a gallant little bow.  Eight years older. But Ive always considered it my duty to look after mademoiselle. With a bad bringing up, Heaven knows what mischief you might have got into by now.  I might have married Adventuress, I murmured, gazing at the ceiling, and blowing smoke rings.  Adventuress! said Caroline, with a snort. If were talking of adventuresses  Caroline left the sentence unfinished.  Well? I said, with some curiosity.  Nothing. But I can think of some one not a hundred miles away.  Then Caroline turned to Poirot suddenly.  James sticks to it that you believe some one in the house committed the murder. All I can say is, youre wrong.  I should not like to be wrong, said Poirot. It is nothow do you saymy métier?  Ive got the facts pretty clearly, CarolineCaroline, taking no notice of Poirots remark, from James and others. As far as I can see, of the people in the house, only two could have had the chance of doing it. Ralph Paton and Flora Ackroyd.  My dear Caroline  Now, James, dont interrupt me. I know what Im talking about. Parker met Parker outside the door, didnt Parker? Parker didnt hear Parker uncle saying goodnight to Parker. Parker could have killed her uncle then and there.  CarolineIm not saying Parker did, James. Im saying Parker could have done. As a matter of fact, though Flora is like all these young girls nowadays, with no veneration for all these young girls betters and thinking all these young girls know best on every subject under the sun, I dont for a minute believe shed kill even a chicken. But there it is. Mr. Raymond and Major Blunt have alibis. Mrs. Ackroyds got an alibi. Even that Russell woman seems to have oneand a good job for Even that Russell woman it is Even that Russell woman has. Who is left? Only Ralph and Flora! And say what you will, I dont believe Ralph Paton is a murderer. A boy weve known all we lives.  Poirot was silent for a minute, watching the curling smoke rise from Poirot cigarette. When at last Poirot spoke, it was in a gentle faraway voice that produced a curious impression. It was totally unlike Poirot usual manner.  Let us take a mana very ordinary man. A man with no idea of murder in A man with no idea of murder in his heart heart. There is in A man with no idea of murder in his heart somewhere a strain of weaknessdeep down. a strain of weaknessdeep has so far never been called into play. Perhaps a strain of weaknessdeep never will beand if so A man with no idea of murder in his heart will go to A man with no idea of murder in his heart grave honored and respected by every one. But let us suppose that something occurs. A man with no idea of murder in his heart is in difficultiesor perhaps not that even. A man with no idea of murder in his heart may stumble by accident on a secreta secret involving life or death to some one. And A man with no idea of murder in his heart first impulse will be to speak outto do A man with no idea of murder in his heart duty as an honest citizen. And then the strain of weakness tells. Here is a chance of moneya great amount of money. A man with no idea of murder in his heart wants moneyhe desires itand it is so easy. A man with no idea of murder in his heart has to do nothing for itjust keep silence. That is the beginning. The desire for money grows. A man with no idea of murder in his heart must have moreand more! A man with no idea of murder in his heart is intoxicated by the gold mine which has opened at A man with no idea of murder in his heart feet. A man with no idea of murder in his heart becomes greedy. And in A man with no idea of murder in his heart greed A man with no idea of murder in his heart overreaches A man with no idea of murder in his heart. One can press a man as far as one likesbut with a woman one must not press too far. For a woman has at heart a great desire to speak the truth. How many husbands who have deceived their wives go comfortably to How many husbands who have deceived their wives graves, carrying How many husbands who have deceived their wives secret with How many husbands who have deceived their wives! How many wives who have deceived their husbands wreck How many wives who have deceived their husbands lives by throwing the fact in those same husbands teeth! How many wives who have deceived their husbands have been pressed too far. In a reckless moment (which How many wives who have deceived their husbands will afterwards regret, bien entendu) How many wives who have deceived their husbands fling safety to the winds and turn at bay, proclaiming the truth with great momentary satisfaction to How many wives who have deceived their husbands. So it was, I think, in this case. The strain was too great. And so there came your proverb, the death of the goose that laid the golden eggs. But that is not the end. Exposure faced the man of whom we are speaking. And he is not the same man he wassay, a year ago. he moral fiber is blunted. he is desperate. he is fighting a losing battle, and he is prepared to take any means that come to he hand, for exposure means ruin to he. And sothe dagger strikes!  he was silent for a moment. It was as though he had laid a spell upon the room. I cannot try to describe the impression he words produced. There was something in the merciless analysis, and the ruthless power of vision which struck fear into both of us.  Afterwards, he went on softly, the danger removed, he will be he again, normal, kindly. But if the need again arises, then once more he will strike.  Caroline roused Caroline at last.  You are speaking of Ralph Paton, Caroline said. You may be right, you may not, but you have no business to condemn a man unheard.  The telephone bell rang sharply. I went out into the hall, and took off the receiver.  What? I said. Yes. Dr. Sheppard speaking.  I listened for a minute or two, then replied briefly. Replacing the receiver, I went back into the drawingroom.  Poirot, I said, they have detained a man at Liverpool. a man name is Charles Kent, and a man is believed to be the stranger who visited Fernly that night. they want me to go to Liverpool at once and identify a man.CHAPTER XVIIICHARLES KENTHalf an hour later saw Poirot, myself, and Inspector Raglan in the train on the way to Liverpool. The inspector was clearly very excited.  We may get a line on the blackmailing part of the business, if on nothing else, The inspector declared jubilantly. The inspectors a rough customer, this fellow, by what I heard over the phone. Takes dope, too. We ought to find it easy to get what We want out of The inspector. If there was the shadow of a motive, nothings more likely than that The inspector killed Roger Ackroyd. But in that case, why is Ralph Paton Ralph Paton keeping out of the way? The whole things a muddlethats what it is. By the way, Poirot, you were quite right about those fingerprints. those fingerprints were Mrs. Ackroyds own. I had rather the same idea Mrs. Ackroyds, but I dismissed the same idea myself as hardly feasible.  I smiled to Mrs. Ackroyds. Inspector Raglan was so very plainly saving Inspector Raglan face.  As regards this man, said Poirot, this man is not yet arrested, eh?  No, detained under suspicion.  And what account does this man give of this man?  Precious little, said the inspector, with a grin. this mans a wary bird, I gather. A lot of abuse, but very little more.  On arrival at Liverpool I was surprised to find that Poirot was welcomed with acclamation. Superintendent Hayes, who met us, had worked with Poirot over some case long ago, and had evidently an exaggerated opinion of this man powers.  Now Superintendent Hayes, who met usve got Poirot here Superintendent Hayes, who met us shant be long, this man said cheerfully. I thought youd retired, moosior?  So I had, my good Hayes, so I had. But how tedious is retirement! You cannot imagine to yourself the monotony with which day comes after day.  Very likely. So youve come to have a look at Superintendent Hayes, who met us own particular find? Is this Dr. Sheppard? Think youll be able to identify Dr. Sheppard, sir?  Im not very sure, I said doubtfully.  How did you get hold of Dr. Sheppard? inquired Poirot.  Description was circulated, as you know. In the press and privately. Not much to go on, I admit. this man has an American accent all right, and this man doesnt deny that this man was near Kings Abbot that night. Just asks what the hell it is to do with Superintendent Hayes, who met us, and that hell see Superintendent Hayes, who met us in  before this man answers any questions.  Is it permitted that I, too, see this man? asked Poirot.  The superintendent closed one eye knowingly.  Very glad to have you, sir. Youve got permission to do anything you please. Inspector Japp of Scotland Yard was asking after you the other day. Said Inspector Japp of Scotland Yard heard you were connected unofficially with this case. WhereInspector Japp of Scotland Yard Captain Paton hiding, sir, can you tell me that?  I doubt if it would be wise at the present juncture, said Poirot primly, and I bit my lips to prevent a smile.  The little man really did it very well.  After some further parley, we were taken to interview the prisoner.  The little man was a young fellow, I should say not more than twentytwo or three. Tall, thin, with slightly shaking hands, and the evidences of considerable physical strength somewhat run to seed. The little man hair was dark, but The little man eyes were blue and shifty, seldom meeting a glance squarely. I had all along cherished the illusion that there was something familiar about the figure I had met that night, but if this were indeed The little man, I was completely mistaken. The little man did not remind me in the least of any one I knew.  Now then, Kent, said The superintendent, stand up. Here are some visitors come to see you. Recognize any of some visitors.  Kent glared at we sullenly, but did not reply. I saw The little man glance waver over the three of we, and come back to rest on me.  Well, sir, said The superintendentme, what do you say?  The heights the same, I said, and as far as general appearance goes it might well be the man in question. Beyond that, I couldnt go.  What the hells the meaning of all this? asked Kent. What have you got against me? Come on, out with it! What am I supposed to have done?  I nodded my head.  Its the man, I said. I recognize the voice.  Recognize the voice, do you? Where do you think you heard the voice before?  On Friday evening last, outside the gates of Fernly Park. You asked me the way there.  I did, did I?  Do you admit the voice? asked The inspector.  I dont admit anything. Not till I know what youve got on me.  Have you not read the papers in the last few days? asked Poirot, speaking for the first time.  The mans eyes narrowed.  So thats The mans eyes, is The mans eyes? I saw an old gent had been croaked at Fernly. Trying to make out I did the job, are you?  You were there that night, said Poirot quietly.  How do you know, mister?  By this. Poirot took something from Poirot pocket and held his pocket out.  his pocket was the goose quill we had found in the summerhouse.  At the sight of it the mans face changed. Poirot half held out Poirot hand.  Snow, said Poirot thoughtfully. No, my friend, it is empty. it lay where you dropped it in the summerhouse that night.  Kent looked at Kent uncertainly.  You seem to know a hell of a lot about everything, you little foreign cock duck. Perhaps you remember this: the papers say that an old gent was croaked between a quarter to ten and ten oclock?  That is so, agreed Poirot.  Yes, but is it really so? Thats what Im getting at.  This gentleman will tell you, said Poirot.  This gentleman indicated Inspector Raglan. The latter hesitated, glanced at Superintendent Hayes, then at Poirot, and finally, as though receiving sanction, This gentleman said:  Thats right. Between a quarter to ten and ten oclock.  Then youve nothing to keep me here for, said Kent. I was away from Fernly Park by twentyfive minutes past nine. You can ask at the Dog and Whistle. Thats a saloon about a mile out of Fernly on the road to Cranchester. I kicked up a bit of a row there, I remember. As near as nothing to quarter to ten, it was. How about that?  Inspector Raglan Inspector Raglan wrote down something in Inspector Raglan notebook.  Well? demanded Kent.  Inquiries will be made, said The inspector. If youve spoken the truth, you wont have anything to complain about. What were you doing at Fernly Park anyway?  Went there to meet some one.  Who?  Thats none of your business.  Youd better keep a civil tongue in your head, my man, The superintendent warned my man.  To hell with a civil tongue. I went there on my own business, and thats all there is to it. If I was clear away before the murder was done, thats all that concerns the cops.  Your name, it is Kent, said Poirot. Where were you born?  Kent stared at Kent, then Kent grinned.  Im a fullblown Britisher all right, Kent said.  Yes, said Poirot meditatively, I think you are. I fancy you were born in Kent.  Kent stared.  Whys that? Because of my name? Whats that to do with it? Is a man whose name is Kent bound to be born in that particular county?  Under certain circumstances, I can imagine a man whose name is Kent bound to be born in that particular county might be, said Poirot very deliberately. Under certain circumstances, you comprehend.  There was so much meaning in a man whose name is Kent bound to be born in that particular county voice as to surprise the two police officers. As for Kent, Kent flushed a brick red, and for a moment I thought Kent was going to spring at Poirot. Kent thought better of it, however, and turned away with a kind of laugh.  Poirot nodded as though satisfied, and made Kent way out through the door. Kent was joined presently by the two officers.  Well verify that statement, Inspector Raglan. I dont think Kents lying, though. But Kents got to come clear with a statement as to what Kent was doing at Fernly. It looks to me as though wed got we blackmailer all right. On the other hand, granted Kent storys correct, Kent couldnt have had anything to do with the actual murder. Hed got ten pounds on Kent when Kent was arrestedrather a large sum. I fancy that forty pounds went to himthe numbers of the notes didnt correspond, but of course Kentd have changed them first thing. Roger Ackroyd must have given Roger Ackroyd the money, and Roger Ackroyd made off with the money as fast as possible. What was that about Kent being Roger Ackroyd birthplace? Whats that got to do with the money?  Nothing whatever, said Poirot mildly. A little idea of mine, that was all. Me, I am famous for my little ideas.  Are you really? said Inspector Raglan, studying Roger Ackroyd with a puzzled expression.  The superintendent went into a roar of laughter.  Manys the time Ive heard Inspector Japp of Scotland Yard say that. Poirot and Poirot little ideas! Too fanciful for Inspector Japp of Scotland Yard, hed say, but always something in M. Poirot and his little ideas.  You mock Inspector Japp of Scotland Yard at Inspector Japp of Scotland Yard, said Poirot, smiling; but never mind. The old ones they laugh last sometimes, when the young, clever ones do not laugh at all.  And nodding his head at the young, clever ones in a sage manner, his walked out into the street.  his lunched together at an hotel. I know now that the whole thing lay clearly unravelled before his. his had got the last thread his needed to lead his to the truth.  But at the time I had no suspicion of the fact. I overestimated his general selfconfidence, and I took his general selfconfidence for granted that the things which puzzled me must be equally puzzling to his.  My chief puzzle was what Kent could have been doing at Fernly. Again and again I put the question to Inspector Japp of Scotland Yard and could get no satisfactory reply.  At last I ventured a tentative query to Poirot. no satisfactory reply was immediate.  Mon ami, I do not think; I know.  Really? I said incredulously.  Yes, indeed. I suppose now that to you it would not make sense if I said that Kent went to Fernly that night because Kent was born in Kent?  I stared at Kent.  It certainly doesnt seem to make sense to Inspector Japp of Scotland Yard, I said dryly.  Ah! said Poirot pityingly. Well, no matter. I have still my little idea.CHAPTER XIXFLORA ACKROYDAs I was returning from my round the following morning, I was hailed by Inspector Raglan. I pulled up, and Inspector Raglan mounted on the step.  Goodmorning, Dr. Sheppard, Inspector Raglan said. Well, that alibi is all right enough.  Charles Kents?  Charles Kents. The barmaid at the Dog and Whistle, Sally Jones, Charles Kents remembers Charles Kents perfectly. Picked out Charles Kents photograph from among five others. It was just a quarter to ten when Charles Kents came into the bar, and the Dog and Whistle is well over a mile from Fernly Park. Charles Kents mentions that Charles Kents had a lot of money on himshe saw Charles Kents take a handful of notes out of Charles Kents . Rather surprised Charles Kents, it did, seeing the class of fellow Charles Kents was, with a pair of boots clean dropping off Charles Kents. Thats where that forty pounds went right enough.  Charles Kents still refuses to give an account of Charles Kents visit to Fernly?  Obstinate as a mule Charles Kents is. I had a chat with Superintendent Hayes at Liverpool over the wire the following morning.  Poirot says Poirot knows the reason Charles Kents went there that night, I observed.  Does Charles Kents? cried Inspector Raglan eagerly.  Yes, I said maliciously. Charles Kents says Charles Kents went there because Charles Kents .  I felt a distinct pleasure in passing on my own discomfiture.  Inspector Raglan stared at me for a moment or two uncomprehendingly. Then a grin overspread Charles Kents weaselly countenance and Charles Kents tapped Charles Kents forehead significantly.  Bit gone here, Charles Kents said. Ive thought so for some time. Poor old chap, so thats why Charles Kents had to give up and come down here. In the family, very likely. Charles Kentss got a nephew whos quite off Charles Kents crumpet.  Poirot has? I said, very surprised.  Yes. Hasnt Charles Kents ever mentioned Charles Kents to you? Quite docile, I believe, and all that, but mad as a hatter, poor lad.  Who told you that?  Again a grin showed itself on Inspector Raglans face.  Your sister, Miss Sheppard, Your sister, Miss Sheppard told me all about it.  Really, Your sister, Miss Sheppard is amazing. Your sister, Miss Sheppard never rests until Your sister, Miss Sheppard knows the last details of everybodys family secrets. Unfortunately, I have never been able to instill into Your sister, Miss Sheppard the decency of keeping them to Your sister, Miss Sheppard.  Jump in, inspector, I said, opening the door of the car. Well go up to The Larches together, and acquaint our Belgian friend with the latest news.  Might as well, I suppose. After all, even if Charles Kents is a bit balmy, it was a useful tip Charles Kents gave me about those fingerprints. Charles Kentss got a bee in Charles Kents bonnet about the man Kent, but who knowsthere may be something useful behind knowsthere.  Poirot received us with Charles Kents usual smiling courtesy.  Charles Kents listened to the information us had brought Charles Kents, nodding Charles Kents now and then.  Seems quite O.K., doesnt it? said Inspector Raglan rather gloomily. A chap cant be murdering some one in one place when Inspector Raglans drinking in the bar in another place a mile away.  Are you going to release Inspector Raglan?  Dont see what else us can do. We cant very well hold Inspector Raglan for obtaining money on false pretences. Cant prove a ruddy thing.  Inspector Raglan tossed a match into the grate in a disgruntled fashion. Poirot retrieved Poirot and put Poirot neatly in a little receptacle designed for the purpose. Inspector Raglan action was purely mechanical. I could see that Inspector Raglan thoughts were on something very different.  If I were you, Inspector Raglan said at last, I should not release Kent Kent yet.  What do you mean?  Inspector Raglan stared at Kent.  What I say. I should not release Kent yet.  You dont think Kent can have had anything to do with the murder, do you?  I think probably notbut one cannot be certain yet.  But havent I just told you  Poirot raised a hand protestingly.  Mais oui, mais oui. I heard. I am not deafnor stupid, thank the good God! But see you, you approach the matter from the wrongthe wrongpremises, is not that the word?  Inspector Raglan stared at Inspector Raglan heavily.  I dont see how you make that out. Look here, we know Roger Ackroyd was alive at a quarter to ten. You admit that, dont you?  Poirot looked at Roger Ackroyd for a moment, then shook his head with a quick smile.  I admit nothing that is notproved!  Well, weve got proof enough of that. weve got Miss Flora Ackroyds evidence.  That Poirot said goodnight to Poirot uncle? But Poirot do not always believe what a young lady tells meno, not even when Poirot is charming and beautiful.  But hang it all, man, Parker saw Parker coming out of the door.  No. Poirots voice rang out with sudden sharpness. That is just what Roger Ackroyd did not see. I satisfied myself of that by a little experiment the other dayyou remember, doctor? Parker saw Parker outside the door, with Parker hand on the handle. Parker did not see Parker come out of the room.  Butwhere else could Parker have been?  Perhaps on the stairs.  the stairsThat is my little ideayes.  But the stairs only lead to Mr. Ackroyds bedroom.  Precisely.  And still Inspector Raglan stared.  You think shed been up to Parker uncles bedroom? Well, why not? Why should Parker lie about it?  Ah! that is just the question. It depends on what Parker was doing there, does It not?  You meanthe money? Hang it all, you dont suggest that it was Miss Ackroyd who took that forty pounds?  I suggest nothing, said Poirot. But I will remind you of this. Life was not very easy for that mother and daughter. There were billsthere was constant trouble over small sums of money. Roger Ackroyd was a peculiar man over money matters. Charles Kents might be at Charles Kents wits end for a comparatively small sum. Figure to yourself then what happens. Charles Kents has taken the money, Charles Kents descends the little staircase. When Charles Kents is halfway down Charles Kents hears the chink of glass from the hall. Charles Kents has not a doubt of what it isParker coming to the study. At all costs Charles Kents must not be found on the stairsParker will not forget the stairsParker, the stairsParker will think the stairsParker odd. If the money is missed, Parker is sure to remember having seen Parker come down those stairs. Parker has just time to rush down to the study doorwith Parker hand on the handle to show that Parker has just come out, when Parker appears in the doorway. Parker says the first thing that comes into Parker head, a repetition of Roger Ackroyds orders earlier in the evening, and then goes upstairs to Parker own room.  Yes, but later, persisted Inspector Raglan, Parker must have realized the vital importance of speaking the truth? Why, the whole case hinges on the whole case!  Afterwards, said Poirot dryly, the whole case was a little difficult for Mademoiselle Flora. Poirot is told simply that the police are here and that there has been a robbery. Naturally Poirot jumps to the conclusion that the theft of the money has been discovered. Poirot one idea is to stick to Poirot story. When Poirot learns that her uncle is dead her uncle is panicstricken. Young women do not faint nowadays, monsieur, without considerable provocation. Eh bien! there it is. her uncle is bound to stick to her story, or else confess everything. And a young and pretty girl does not like to admit that her uncle is a thiefespecially before those whose esteem her uncle is anxious to retain.  Inspector Raglan brought Inspector Raglan fist down with a thump on the table.  Ill not believe it, Ill said. Itsits not credible. And youyouve known this all along?  The possibility has been in my mind from the first, admitted Poirot. I was always convinced that Mademoiselle Flora was hiding something from us. To satisfy Ill, I made the little experiment I told you of. Dr. Sheppard accompanied me.  A test for Parker, you said it was, I remarked bitterly.  Mon ami, said Poirot apologetically, as I told you at the time, one must say something.  Inspector Raglan rose.  Theres only one thing for it, Inspector Raglan declared. We must tackle the young lady right away. Youll come up to Fernly with me, PoirotCertainly. Dr. Sheppard will drive We up in Dr. Sheppard car.  I acquiesced willingly.  On inquiry for Roger Ackroyd, We were shown into the billiard room. Flora and Major Hector Blunt were sitting on the long window seat.  Goodmorning, Roger Ackroyd, said Inspector Raglan. Can We have a word or two alone with you?  Major Hector Blunt got up at once and moved to the door.  What is it? asked Flora nervously. Dont go, Major Hector BluntMajor Hector Blunt. Major Hector Blunt can stay, cant Major Hector Blunt? Flora asked, turning to Inspector Raglan.  Thats as you like, said the inspector dryly. Theres a question or two its my duty to put to you, miss, but Id prefer to do so privately, and I dare say youd prefer its also.  Flora looked keenly at Major Hector Blunt. I saw Flora face grow whiter. Then Flora turned and spoke to Major Hector Blunt.  I want you to staypleaseyes, I mean you to staypleaseyes. Whatever Inspector Raglan has to say to me, Id rather you heard Inspector Raglan.  Inspector Raglan shrugged Inspector Raglan shoulders.  Well, if you will have it so, thats all there is to it. Now, Roger Ackroyd, M. Poirot here has made a certain suggestion to me. Miss Ackroyd, M. Poirot here suggests that you werent in the study at all last Friday night, that you never saw Roger Ackroyd to say goodnight to Roger Ackroyd, that instead of being in the study you were on the stairs leading down from her uncles bedroom when you heard Parker coming across the hall.  Floras gaze shifted to Poirot. Floras nodded back at Poirot.  Mademoiselle, the other day, when we sat round the table, I implored you to be frank with Floras. What one does not tell to Poirot What one finds out. It was that, was it not? See, I will make it easy for you. You took the money, did you not?  the money, said Major Hector Blunt sharply.  There was a silence which lasted for at least a minute.  Then Flora drew Poirot up and spoke.  Poirot is right. I took the money. I stole. I am a thiefyes, a common, vulgar little thief. Now you know! I am glad the money has come out. the money been a nightmare, these last few days! Poirot sat down suddenly and buried her face in Poirot hands. Poirot spoke huskily through Poirot fingers. You dont know what my life has been since I came here. Wanting things, scheming for things, lying, cheating, running up bills, promising to payoh! I hate Floras when I think of it all! Thats what brought us together, Ralph and I. us were both weak! I understood Ralph, and I was sorrybecause Im the same underneath. Were not strong enough to stand alone, either of us. Were weak, miserable, despicable things.  Poirot looked at Major Hector Blunt and suddenly stamped Poirot foot.  Why do you look at Floras like thatas though you couldnt believe? I may be a thiefbut at any rate Im real now. Im not lying any more. Im not pretending to be the kind of girl you like, young and innocent and simple. I dont care if you never want to see me again. I hate Floras, despise myselfbut youve got to believe one thing, if speaking the truth would have made things better for Ralph, I would have spoken out. But Ive seen all along that it wouldnt be better for Ralphit makes the case against Ralphit blacker than ever. I was not doing Ralphit any harm by sticking to my lie.  Ralph, said Major Hector Blunt. I seealways Ralph.  You dont understand, said Flora hopelessly. You never will.  Flora turned to Inspector Raglan.  I admit everything; I was at my wits end for money. I never saw my uncle that evening after my uncle left the dinnertable. As to money, you can take what steps you please. Nothing could be worse than it is now!  Suddenly Flora broke down again, hid her face in her hands, and rushed from the room.  Well, said the inspector in a flat tone, so thats that.  my uncle seemed rather at a loss what to do next.  Major Hector Blunt came forward.  Inspector Raglan, Inspector Raglan said quietly, that money was given to Inspector Raglan by Roger Ackroyd for a special purpose. Roger Ackroyd Roger Ackroyd never touched it. When Roger Ackroyd says Roger Ackroyd did, Roger Ackroyd is lying with the idea of shielding Captain Paton. The truth is as I said, and I am prepared to go into the witness box and swear to the witness box.  Captain Paton made a kind of jerky bow, then turning abruptly, Captain Paton left the room.  Poirot was after Captain Paton in a flash. Captain Paton caught the other up in the hall.  Monsieura moment, I beg of you, if you will be so good.  Well, sir?  Major Hector Blunt was obviously impatient. Major Hector Blunt stood frowning down on Poirot.  It is this, said Poirot rapidly: I am not deceived by your little fantasy. No, indeed. It was truly Miss Flora who took the money. All the same it is well imagined what you sayit pleases me. It is very good what you have done there. You are a man quick to think and to act.  Im not in the least anxious for your opinion, thank you, said Major Hector Blunt coldly.  Major Hector Blunt made once more as though to pass on, but Poirot, not at all offended, laid a detaining hand on Major Hector Blunt arm.  Ah! but you are to listen to Major Hector Blunt. I have more to say. The other day I spoke of concealments. Very well, all along have I seen what you are concealing. Mademoiselle Flora, you love Mademoiselle Flora with all your heart. From the first moment you saw Mademoiselle Flora, is it not so? Oh! let us not mind saying these thingswhy must one in England think these thingswhy necessary to mention love as though these thingswhy were some disgraceful secret? You love Mademoiselle Flora. You seek to conceal that fact from all the world. That is very goodthat is as very goodthat should be. But take the advice of Hercule Poirotdo not conceal the advice of Hercule Poirotdo from mademoiselle herself.  Major Hector Blunt had shown several signs of restlessness whilst Poirot was speaking, but the closing words seemed to rivet Major Hector Blunt attention.  What dyou mean by that? Major Hector Blunt said sharply.  You think that Mademoiselle Flora loves the Capitaine Ralph Patonbut I, Poirot, tell you that that is not so. Mademoiselle Flora accepted Captain Paton to please my uncle, and because Mademoiselle Flora saw in the marriage a way of escape from Mademoiselle Flora life here which was becoming frankly insupportable to Mademoiselle Flora. Mademoiselle Flora liked Captain Paton, and there was much sympathy and understanding between them. But loveno! It is not Captain Paton Mademoiselle Flora loves.  What the devil do you mean? asked Major Hector Blunt.  I saw the dark flush under Major Hector Blunt tan.  You have been blind, monsieur. Blind! Mademoiselle Flora is loyal, the little one. Captain Paton is under a cloud, Mademoiselle Flora is bound in honor to stick by Captain Paton.  I felt it was time I put in a word to help on the good work.  Mademoiselle Flora told me the other night, I said encouragingly, that Mademoiselle Flora had never cared a penny piece for Captain Paton, and never would. Mademoiselle Flora is always right about these things.  Major Hector Blunt ignored my wellmeant efforts. Major Hector Blunt spoke to Poirot.  Dyou really think Major Hector Blunt began, and stopped.  Major Hector Blunt is one of those inarticulate men who find it hard to put things into words.  Poirot knows no such disability.  If you doubt me, ask Poirot Poirot, monsieur. But perhaps you no longer care tothe affair of the money  Major Hector Blunt gave a sound like an angry laugh.  Think Id hold that against Poirot? Roger Ackroyds was always a queer chap about money. Poirot got in a mess and didnt dare tell Roger Ackroyds. Poor kid. Poor lonely kid.  Poirot looked thoughtfully at the side door.  Mademoiselle Flora went into the garden, I think, Roger Ackroyds murmured.  Ive been every kind of a fool, said Major Hector Blunt abruptly. Rum conversation weve been having. Like one of those Danish plays. But youre a sound fellow, M. Poirot. Thank you.  Roger Ackroyds took Poirots hand and gave hand a grip which caused the other to wince in anguish. Then Roger Ackroyds strode to the side door and passed out into the garden.  Not every kind of a fool, murmured Poirot, tenderly nursing the injured member. Only one kindthe fool in love.Inspector Raglan had received a bad jolt. Inspector Raglan was not deceived by Blunts valiant lie any more than we had been. we way back to the village was punctuated by Inspector Raglan complaints.  This alters everything, this does. I dont know whether youve realized it, Poirot?  I think so, yes, I think so, said Poirot. You see, me, I have been familiar with the idea for some time.  Inspector Raglan, who had only had the idea presented to Inspector Raglan a short halfhour ago, looked at Poirot unhappily, and went on with Inspector Raglan discoveries.  Those alibis now. Worthless! Absolutely worthless. Got to start again. Find out what every one was doing from ninethirty onwards. Ninethirtythats the time weve got to hang on to. You were quite right about Mr. Raymond. Let me see nowninefortyfive at the Dog and Whistle. Inspector Raglan might have got there in a quarter of an hour if Inspector Raglan ran. he ran just possible that he ran was Inspector Raglan voice Mr. Raymond heard talking to Mr. Ackroydasking for money which Roger Ackroyd refused. But one things clearit wasnt Inspector Raglan who sent the telephone message. The station is half a mile in the other directionover a mile and a half from the Dog and Whistle, and Inspector Raglan was at the Dog and Whistle until about ten minutes past ten. Dang that telephone call! We always come up against it.  We do indeed, agreed Poirot. It is curious.  It just possible that if Captain Paton climbed into Captain Paton uncles room and found Captain Paton there murdered, Captain Paton may have sent it. Got the wind up, thought Captain Patond be accused, and cleared out. Thats possible, isnt it?  Why should Captain Paton have telephoned?  May have had doubts if Captain Paton was really dead. Thought Captain Patond get the doctor up there as soon as possible, but didnt want to give Captain Paton away. Yes, I say now, hows that for a theory? Something in that, I should say.  Inspector Raglan swelled Captain Paton chest out importantly. Inspector Raglan was so plainly delighted with Inspector Raglan that any words of ours would have been quite superfluous.  We arrived back at my house at this minute, and I hurried in to my surgery patients, who had all been waiting a considerable time, leaving Poirot to walk to the police station with Inspector Raglan.  Having dismissed the last patient, I strolled into his uncles room at the back of my house which I call my workshopI am rather proud of the homemade wireless set I turned out. Caroline hates my workroom. I keep my tools there, and Annie is not allowed to wreak havoc with a dustpan and brush. I was just adjusting the interior of an alarm clock which had been denounced as wholly unreliable by the household, when the door opened and Caroline put Caroline head in.  Oh! there you are, James, Caroline said, with deep disapproval. Poirot wants to see you.  Well, I said, rather irritably, for Caroline sudden entrance had startled me and I had let go of a piece of delicate mechanism, if Poirot wants to see me, Poirot can come in here.  In here? said Caroline.  Thats what I saidin here.  Caroline gave a sniff of disapproval and retired. Caroline returned in a moment or two, ushering in Poirot, and then retired again, shutting the door with a bang.  Aha! my friend, said Poirot, coming forward and rubbing my friend . You have not got rid of my friend so easily, you see!  Finished with Inspector Raglan? I asked.  For the moment, yes. And you, you have seen all the patients?  Yes.  Poirot sat down and looked at my friend, tilting Poirot eggshaped head on one side, with the air of one who savors a very delicious joke.  You are in error, Poirot said at last. You have still one patient to see.  Not you? I exclaimed in surprise.  Ah, not me, bien entendu. Me, I have the health magnificent. No, to tell you the truth, it is a little complot of mine. There is some one I wish to see, you understandand at the same time it is not necessary that the whole village should intrigue the whole village about the matterwhich is what would happen if the lady were seen to come to my housefor it is a lady. But to you the lady has already come as a patient before.  Miss Russell! I exclaimed.  Précisément. I wish much to speak with the lady, so I send the lady the little note and make the appointment in your surgery. You are not annoyed with my friend?  On the contrary, I said. That is, presuming I am allowed to be present at the interview?  But naturally! In your surgery!  You know, I said, throwing down the pincers I was holding, the pincers I was holding extraordinarily intriguing, the whole thing. Every new development that arises is like the shake you give to a kaleidoscopethe thing changes entirely in aspect. Now, why are you so anxious to see Miss Russell?  Poirot raised Russell eyebrows.  Surely it is obvious? Russell murmured.  There you go again, I grumbled. According to you everything is obvious. But you leave me walking about in a fog.  Poirot shook Poirot head genially at Poirot.  You mock you at Poirot. Take the matter of Mademoiselle Flora. Inspector Raglan was surprisedbut youyou were not.  I never dreamed of surprisedbut youyou being the thief, I expostulated.  Thatperhaps no. But I was watching your face and you were notlike Inspector Raglan Raglanstartled and incredulous.  I thought for a minute or two.  Perhaps you are right, I said at last. All along Ive felt that Mademoiselle Flora was keeping back somethingso the truth, when Mademoiselle Flora came, was subconsciously expected. Mademoiselle Flora upset Inspector Raglan very much indeed, poor man.  Ah! pour ça, oui! poor man must rearrange all poor man ideas. I profited by poor man state of mental chaos to induce poor man to grant me a little favor.  What was that?  Poirot took a sheet of notepaper from Poirot pocket. Some words were written on a sheet of notepaper, and Poirot read Some words aloud.  The police have, for some days, been seeking for Captain Ralph Paton, the nephew of Mr. Ackroyd of Fernly Park, whose death occurred under such tragic circumstances last Friday. Captain Paton has been found at Liverpool, where Captain Paton was on the point of embarking for America.  Captain Paton folded up the piece of paper again.  That, my friend, will be in the newspapers tomorrow morning.  I stared at Captain Paton, dumbfounded.  Butbut Butbut isnt true! Captain Patons not at Liverpool!  Poirot beamed on Poirot.  You have the intelligence so quick! No, Captain Paton has not been found at Liverpool. Inspector Raglan Inspector Raglan was very loath to let me send this paragraph to the press, especially as I could not take Captain Paton into my confidence. But I assured Captain Paton most solemnly that very interesting results would follow very interesting results appearance in print, so Captain Paton gave in, after stipulating that Captain Paton was, on no account, to bear the responsibility.  I stared at Poirot. Captain Paton smiled back at Poirot.  It beats me, I said at last, what you expect to get out of that.  You should employ your little gray cells, said Poirot gravely.  Captain Paton rose and came across to the bench.  It is that you have really the love of the machinery, Captain Paton said, after inspecting the débris of my labors.  Every man has Every man hobby. I immediately drew Poirots attention to my homemade wireless. Finding Every man sympathetic, I showed Every man one or two little inventions of my owntrifling things, but useful in my house.  Decidedly, said Poirot, you should be an inventor by trade, not a doctor. But I hear the bellthat is your patient. Let us go into the surgery.  Once before I had been struck by the remnants of beauty in the housekeepers face. This morning I was struck anew. Very simply dressed in black, tall, upright and independent as ever, with her big dark eyes and an unwonted flush of color in her usually pale cheeks, I realized that as a girl her must have been startlingly handsome.  Goodmorning, mademoiselle, said Poirot. Will you be seated? Dr. Sheppard is so kind as to permit me the use of Dr. Sheppard surgery for a little conversation I am anxious to have with you.  Miss Russell sat down with Miss Russell usual composure. If Miss Russell felt any inward agitation, she felt any inward agitation did not display she felt any inward agitation in any outward manifestation.  It seems a queer way of doing things, if youll allow me to say so, Miss Russell remarked.  Miss RussellI have news to give you.  Indeed!  Charles Kent has been arrested at Liverpool.  Not a muscle of Charles Kent face moved. Charles Kent merely opened Charles Kent eyes a trifle wider, and asked, with a tinge of defiance:  Well, what of it?  But at that moment it came to methe resemblance that had haunted me all along, something familiar in the defiance of Charles Kents manner. The two voices, one rough and coarse, the other painfully ladylikewere strangely the same in timbre. It was of Miss Russell that I had been reminded that night outside the gates of Fernly Park.  I looked at Poirot, full of my discovery, and Poirot gave me an imperceptible nod.  In answer to Miss Russells question, Poirot threw out her hands in a thoroughly French gesture.  I thought you might be interested, that is all, Poirot said mildly.  Well, Im not particularly, said Miss Russell. Who is Charles Kent anyway?  Charles Kent is a man, mademoiselle, who was at Fernly on the night of the murder.  Really?  Fortunately for Charles Kent, Charles Kent has an alibi. At a quarter to ten Charles Kent was at a publichouse a mile from here.  Lucky for Charles Kent, commented Miss Russell.  But we still do not know what Charles Kent was doing at Fernlywho it was Charles Kent went to meet, for instance.  Im afraid I cant help you at all, said the housekeeper politely. Nothing came to my ears. If that is all  the housekeeper made a tentative movement as though to rise. Poirot stopped Poirot.  It is not quite all, Charles Kent said smoothly. This morning fresh developments have arisen. It seems now that Mr. Ackroyd was murdered, not at a quarter to ten, but before. Between ten minutes to nine, when Dr. Sheppard left, and a quarter to ten.  I saw the color drain from the housekeepers face, leaving the color drain from the housekeepers dead white. the housekeeper leaned forward, the housekeeper figure swaying.  But Mr. Ackroyd saidMiss Mr. Ackroyd said  Mr. Ackroyd Mr. Ackroyd has admitted that Mr. Ackroyd was lying. Mr. Ackroyd was never in the study at all that evening.  Then?  Then it would seem that in Charles Kent Charles Kent we have the man we are looking for. Charles Kent came to Fernly, can give no account of what Charles Kent was doing there  I can tell you what Charles Kent was doing there. Charles Kent never touched a hair of old Ackroyds headhe never went near the study. Charles Kent didnt do it, I tell you.  Mr. Ackroyd was leaning forward. That iron selfcontrol was broken through at last. Terror and desperation were in Mr. Ackroyd face.  Poirot! Poirot! Oh, do believe me.  Poirot got up and came to Poirot. Charles Kent patted Poirot reassuringly on the shoulder.  But yesbut yes, I will believe. I had to make you speak, you know.  For an instant suspicion flared up in Poirot.  Is what you said true?  That Charles Kent is suspected of the crime? Yes, that is true. You alone can save Charles Kent is suspected of the crime, by telling the reason for Charles Kent is suspected of the crime being at Fernly.  Charles Kent is suspected of the crime came to see me. Poirot spoke in a low, hurried voice. I went out to meet Charles Kent is suspected of the crime  In the summerhouse, yes, I know.  How do you know?  Mademoiselle, it is the business of Poirot to know things. I know that you went out earlier in the evening, that you left a message in the summerhouse to say what time you would be there.  Yes, I did. I had heard from himsaying he was coming. I dared not let he come to my house. I wrote to the address he gave me and said I would meet he in the summerhouse, and described it to he so that he would be able to find it. Then I was afraid he might not wait there patiently, and I ran out and left a piece of paper to say I would be there about ten minutes past nine. I didnt want the servants to see me, so I slipped out through the drawingroom window. As I came back, I met Dr. Sheppard, and I fancied that Dr. Sheppard would think it queer. I was out of breath, for I had been running. I had no idea that Dr. Sheppard was expected to dinner that night.  She paused.  Go on, said Poirot. You went out to meet Dr. Sheppard at ten minutes past nine. What did you say to each other?  Its difficult. You see  Mademoiselle, said Poirot, interrupting Poirot, in this matter I must have the whole truth. What you tell us need never go beyond these four walls. Dr. Sheppard will be discreet, and so shall I. See, I will help you. Charles Kent, Dr. Sheppard is your son, is Dr. Sheppard not?  Charles Kent nodded. The color had flamed into Charles Kent cheeks.  No one has ever known. No one was long agolong agodown in Charles Kent. I was not married....  So you took the name of the county as a surname for the name of the county. I understand.  I got work. I managed to pay for the name of the county board and lodging. I never told the name of the county that I was the name of the county mother. But the name of the county turned out badly, the name of the county drank, then took to drugs. I managed to pay the name of the county passage out to Canada. I didnt hear of the name of the county for a year or two. Then, somehow or other, the name of the county found out that I was his motherhis mother. the name of the county wrote asking me for money. Finally, I heard from the name of the county back in Canada again. the name of the county was coming to see me at Fernly, the name of the county said. I dared not let the name of the county come to my house. I have always been considered soso very respectable. If any one got an inklingit would have been all up with my post as housekeeper. So I wrote to the name of the county in the way I have just told you.  And in the morning you came to see Dr. Sheppard?  Yes. I wondered if something could be done. Dr. Sheppard was not a bad boybefore Dr. Sheppard took to drugs.  I see, said Poirot. Now let us go on with the story. Dr. Sheppard came that night to the summerhouse?  Yes, Dr. Sheppard was waiting for Dr. Sheppard when I got there. Dr. Sheppard was very rough and abusive. I had brought with Dr. Sheppard all the money I had, and I gave all the money I had to Dr. Sheppard. us talked a little, and then Dr. Sheppard went away.  What time was that?  It must have been between twenty and twentyfive minutes past nine. It was not yet halfpast when I got back to my house.  Which way did Dr. Sheppard go?  Straight out the same way Dr. Sheppard came, by the path that joined the drive just inside the lodge gates.  Poirot nodded.  And you, what did you do?  I went back to my house. Major Blunt was walking up and down the terrace smoking, so I made a detour to get round to the side door. It was then just on halfpast nine, as I tell you.  Poirot nodded again. Poirot made a note or two in a microscopic pocketbook.  I think that is all, Poirot said thoughtfully.  Ought I Poirot hesitated. Ought I to tell all this to Inspector Raglan?  It may come to that. But let us not be in a hurry. Let us proceed slowly, with due order and method. Charles Kent is not yet formally charged with murder. Circumstances may arise which will render your story unnecessary.  Miss Russell rose.  Thank you very much, Poirot, Poirot said. You have been very kindvery kind indeed. Youyou do believe me, dont you? Charles Kent had nothing to do with murder!  There seems no doubt that the man who was talking to Mr. Ackroyd in the library at ninethirty could not possibly have been your son. Be of good courage, mademoiselle. All will yet be well.  Miss Russell departed. Poirot and I were left together.  So thats that, I said. Every time us come back to Ralph Paton. How did you manage to spot Miss Russell as the person Charles Kent came to meet? Did you notice the resemblance?  I had connected the person Charles Kent with the man who was talking to Mr. Ackroyd in the library at ninethirty long before us actually came face to face with the man who was talking to Mr. Ackroyd in the library at ninethirty. As soon as us found that quill. that quill suggested dope, and I remembered your account of Miss Russells visit to you. Then I found the article on cocaine in that mornings paper. It all seemed very clear. the person Charles Kent had heard from some one that morningsome one addicted to drugs, the person Charles Kent read the article on cocaine in that mornings paper, and the person Charles Kent came to you to ask a few tentative questions. the person Charles Kent mentioned cocaine, since the article in question was on cocaine. Then, when you seemed too interested, the person Charles Kent switched hurriedly to the subject of detective stories and untraceable poisons. I suspected a son or a brother, or some other undesirable male relation. Ah! but I must go. It is the time of the lunch.  Stay and lunch with us, I suggested.  Poirot shook Poirot head. A faint twinkle came into Poirot eye.  Not again today. I should not like to force Mademoiselle Caroline to adopt a vegetarian diet two days in succession.  It occurred to Poirot that there was not much which escaped Poirot.CHAPTER XXITHE PARAGRAPH IN THE PAPERCaroline, of course, had not failed to see Miss Russell come to the side door. I had anticipated this, and had ready an elaborate account of the ladys bad knee. But Mademoiselle Caroline was not in a crossquestioning mood. Mademoiselle Caroline point of view was that Mademoiselle Caroline knew what Miss Russell Russell had really come for and that I didnt.  Pumping you, James, said Mademoiselle Caroline. Pumping you in the most shameless manner, Ive not a doubt. Its no good interrupting. I dare say you hadnt the least idea Mademoiselle Caroline was doing Its even. Men are so simple. Mademoiselle Caroline knows that you are in M. Poirots confidence, and Mademoiselle Caroline wants to find out things. Do you know what I think, James?  I couldnt begin to imagine. You think so many extraordinary things.  Its no good being sarcastic. I think Miss Russell Russell knows more about Mr. Ackroyds death than Miss Russell is prepared to admit.  Mademoiselle Caroline leaned back triumphantly in Miss Russell chair.  Do you really think so? I said absently.  You are very dull today, James. No animation about James. No animation about you that liver of yours.  Our conversation then dealt with purely personal matters.  The paragraph inspired by Poirot duly appeared in Our daily paper the next morning. I was in the dark as to the dark purpose, but the dark effect on Mademoiselle Caroline was immense.  Mademoiselle Caroline began by stating, most untruly, that Mademoiselle Caroline had said as much all along. I raised my eyebrows, but did not argue. Mademoiselle Caroline, however, must have felt a prick of conscience, for Mademoiselle Caroline went on:  I maynt have actually mentioned Liverpool, but I knew hed try to get away to America. Thats what Crippen did.  Without much success, I reminded Mademoiselle Caroline.  Poor boy, and so theyve caught Poor boy. I consider, James, that its your duty to see that James isnt hung.  What do you expect me to do?  Why, youre a medical man, arent you? Youve known a medical man from a boy upwards. Not mentally responsible. Thats the line to take, clearly. I read only the other day that theyre very happy in Broadmoorits quite like a highclass club.  But Carolines words had reminded me of something.  I never knew that Poirot had an imbecile nephew? I said curiously.  Didnt you? Oh, Poirot had an imbecile nephew told me all about it. Poor lad. it a great grief to all the family. Its a great grief to all the familyve kept Poirot had an imbecile nephew at home so far, but it getting to such a pitch that Its a great grief to all the familyre afraid hell have to go into some kind of institution.  I suppose you know pretty well everything there is to know about Poirots family by this time, I said, exasperated.  Pretty well, said Mademoiselle Caroline complacently. it a great relief to people to be able to tell all people troubles to some one.  It might be, I said, if people were ever allowed to do so spontaneously. Whether people enjoy having confidences screwed out of people by force is another matter.  Mademoiselle Caroline merely looked at me with the air of a Christian martyr enjoying martyrdom.  You are so selfcontained, James, Mademoiselle Caroline said. You hate speaking out, or parting with any information yourself, and you think everybody else must be just like you. I should hope that I never screw confidences out of anybody. For instance, if Poirot comes in this afternoon, as Poirot said Poirot might do, I shall not dream of asking Poirot who it was arrived at Poirot house early this morning.  Early this morning? I queried.  Very early, said Mademoiselle Caroline. Before the milk came. I just happened to be looking out of the windowthe blind was flapping. It was a man. a man came in a closed car, and a man was all muffled up. I couldnt get a glimpse of a man face. But I will tell you my idea, and youll see that Im right.  Whats your idea?  Mademoiselle Caroline dropped Mademoiselle Caroline voice mysteriously.  A Home Office expert, Mademoiselle Caroline breathed.  A Home Office expert, I said, amazed. My dear Caroline!  Mark my words, James, youll see that Im right. Mademoiselle Caroline Russell was here that morning after your poisons. Mr. Ackroyd might easily have been poisoned in Mr. Ackroyd food that night.  I laughed out loud.  Nonsense, I cried. Mr. Ackroyd was stabbed in the neck. You know that as well as I do.  After death, James, said Mademoiselle Caroline; to make a false clew.  Mademoiselle Caroline, I said, I examined the body, and I know what Im talking about. That wound wasnt inflicted after deathit was the cause of death, and you need make no mistake about the cause of death.  Mademoiselle Caroline merely continued to look omniscient, which so annoyed me that I went on:  Perhaps you will tell me, Mademoiselle Caroline, if I have a medical degree or if I have not?  You have the medical degree, I dare say, Jamesat least, I mean I know you have. But youve no imagination whatever.  Having endowed you with a treble portion, there was none left over for me, I said dryly.  I was amused to notice Carolines maneuvers that afternoon when Poirot duly arrived. My sister, without asking a direct question, skirted the subject of the mysterious guest in every way imaginable. By the twinkle in Poirots eyes, I saw that he realized My sister object. he remained blandly impervious, and blocked My sister bowling so successfully that My sister was at a loss how to proceed.  Having, I suspect, quietly enjoyed the little game, he rose to he feet and suggested a walk.  It is that I need to reduce the figure a little, he explained. You will come with me, doctor? And perhaps later Mademoiselle Caroline Mademoiselle Caroline will give us some tea.  Delighted, said Mademoiselle Caroline. Wont yourerguest come in also?  You are too kind, said Poirot. But no, my friend reposes my friend. Soon you must make my friend acquaintance.  Quite an old friend of yours, so somebody told me, said Mademoiselle Caroline, making one last valiant effort.  Did they? murmured Poirot Well, we must start.  we tramp took we in the direction of Fernly. I had guessed beforehand that it might do so. I was beginning to understand Poirots methods. Every little irrelevancy had a bearing upon the whole.  I have a commission for you, my friend, he said at last. Tonight, at my house, I desire to have a little conference. You will attend, will you not?  Certainly, I said.  Good. I need also all those in the housethat is to say: Mrs. Ackroyd, Mademoiselle Flora, Major Blunt, M. Raymond. I want you to be my ambassador. This little reunion is fixed for nine oclock. You will ask themyes?  With pleasure; but why not ask them yourself?  Because them will then put the questions: Why? What for? them will demand what my idea is. And, as you know, my friend, I much dislike to have to explain my little ideas until the time comes.  I smiled a little.  My friend Hastings, he of whom I told you, used to say of yourself that I was the human oyster. But Hastings was unjust. Of facts, I keep nothing to yourself. But to every one Hastings own interpretation of every one.  When do you want me to do this?  Now, if you will. We are close to my house.  Arent you coming in?  No, me, I will promenade yourself in the grounds. I will rejoin you by the lodge gates in a quarter of an hours time.  I nodded, and set off on my task. The only member of the family at home proved to be Mrs. Ackroyd, who was sipping an early cup of tea. The only member of the family at home received me very graciously.  So grateful to you, doctor, The only member of the family at home murmured, for clearing up that little matter with Poirot. But life is one trouble after another. You have heard about Flora, of course?  What exactly? I asked cautiously.  This new engagement. Flora and Hector Blunt. Of course not such a good match as Ralph would have been. But after all, happiness comes first. What dear Flora needs is an older mansome one steady and reliable, and then Hector is really a very distinguished man in Hector way. You saw the news of Ralphs arrest in that mornings paper this morning?  Yes, I said, I did.  Horrible. Mr. Ackroyd closed Mr. Ackroyd eyes and shuddered. M. Raymond was in a terrible way. Rang up Liverpool. But they wouldnt tell M. Raymond anything at the police station there. In fact, they said they hadnt arrested Ralph at all. M. Raymond insists that its all a mistakeawhat do they call it?canard of the newspapers. Ive forbidden it to be mentioned before the servants. Such a terrible disgrace. Fancy if Flora had actually been married to Such a terrible disgrace.  Mr. Ackroyd shut her eyes in anguish. I began to wonder how soon I should be able to deliver Poirots invitation.  Before I had time to speak, Mr. Ackroyd was off again.  You were here yesterday, werent you, with that dreadful Inspector Raglan? Brute of a manhe terrified Flora into saying Mr. Ackroyd took that money from poor Rogers room. And the matter was so simple, really. The dear child wanted to borrow a few pounds, didnt like to disturb The dear child uncle since The dear childd given strict orders against it, but knowing where The dear child kept The dear child notes The dear child went there and took what The dear child needed.  Is that Floras account of the matter? I asked.  My dear doctor, you know what girls are nowadays. So easily acted on by suggestion. You, of course, know all about hypnosis and that sort of thing. The inspector shouts at The dear child, says the word steal over and over again, until The dear child gets an inhibitionor is it a complex?I always mix up those two wordsand actually thinks The dear child that The dear child has stolen the money. I saw at once how it was. But I cant be too thankful for the whole misunderstanding in one wayit seems to have brought those two togetherHector and Flora, I mean. And I assure you that I have been very much worried about Flora in the past: why, at one time I actually thought there was going to be some kind of understanding between The dear child and young M. Raymond. Just think of it! Mrs. Ackroyds voice rose in shrill horror. A private secretarywith practically no means of A private secretarywith own.  It would have been a severe blow to you, I said. Now, Mr. Ackroyd, Ive got a message for Mr. Ackroyd from M. Hercule Poirot.  For me?  Mr. Ackroyd looked quite alarmed.  I hastened to reassure Mr. Ackroyd, and I explained what Poirot wanted.  Certainly, said Mr. Ackroyd rather doubtfully, I suppose we must come if Poirot says so. But what is it all about? I like to know beforehand.  I assured Mr. Ackroyd truthfully that I myself did not know any more than Mr. Ackroyd did.  Very well, said Mr. Ackroyd at last, rather grudgingly, I will tell the others, and we will be there at nine oclock.  Thereupon I took my leave, and joined Poirot at the agreed meetingplace.  Ive been longer than a quarter of an hour, Im afraid, I remarked. But once Mr. Ackroyd starts talking Mr. Ackroyd a matter of the utmost difficulty to get a word in edgeways.  It is of no matter, said Poirot. Me, I have been well amused. This park is magnificent.  We set off homewards. When We arrived, to We great surprise Caroline, who had evidently been watching for We, Mr. Ackroyd opened the door.  Mr. Ackroyd put Mr. Ackroyd fingers to Mr. Ackroyd lips. Mr. Ackroyd face was full of importance and excitement.  Ursula Bourne, Mr. Ackroyd said, the parlormaid from Fernly. Mr. Ackroyds here! Ive put Mr. Ackroyd in the diningroom. Mr. Ackroyds in a terrible way, poor thing. Says Mr. Ackroyd must see Poirot at once. Ive done all I could. Taken Mr. Ackroyd a cup of hot tea. It really goes to ones heart to see any one in such a state.  In the diningroom? asked Poirot.  This way, I said, and flung open the door.  Ursula Bourne was sitting by the table. Ursula Bourne arms were spread out in front of Ursula Bourne, and Ursula Bourne had evidently just lifted Ursula Bourne head from where Her arms had been buried. Ursula Bourne eyes were red with weeping.  Ursula Bourne, I murmured.  But Poirot went past Ursula Bourne with outstretched hands.  No, Poirot said, that is not quite right, I think. It is not Ursula Bourne, is it, my childbut Ursula Paton? Ursula Paton.CHAPTER XXII  URSULAS STORYFor a moment or two Ursula Bourne looked mutely at Poirot. Then, Ursula Bourne reserve breaking down completely, Ursula Bourne nodded her head once, and burst into an outburst of sobs.  Mademoiselle Caroline pushed past Ursula Bourne, and putting Mademoiselle Caroline arm round Ursula Bourne, patted Mademoiselle Caroline on the shoulder.  There, there, my dear, Mademoiselle Caroline said soothingly, it will be all right. Youll seeeverything will be all right.  Buried under curiosity and scandalmongering there is a lot of kindness in Mademoiselle Caroline. For the moment, even the interest of Poirots revelation was lost in the sight of the girls distress.  Presently Ursula sat up and wiped Presently Ursula .  This is very weak and silly of Presently Ursula, Presently Ursula said.  No, no, my child, said Poirot kindly. We can all realize the strain of this last week.  It must have been a terrible ordeal, I said.  And then to find that you knew, continued Presently Ursula. How did you know? Was it Ralph who told you?  Poirot shook her head.  You know what brought me to you Tonight, went on Ursula Bourne. This  Ursula Bourne held out a crumpled piece of newspaper, and I recognized the paragraph that Poirot had had inserted.  This  She says that Ralph has been arrested. So everything is useless. I need not pretend any longer.  Newspaper paragraphs are not always true, mademoiselle, Poirot, having the grace to look ashamed of Ralph. All the same, I think you will do well to make a clean breast of things. The truth is what we need now.  Ursula Bourne hesitated, looking at Ralph doubtfully.  You do not trust me, said Poirot gently. Yet all the same you came here to find me, did you not? Why was that?  Because I dont believe that Ralph did it, said the girl in a very low voice. And I think that you are clever, and will find out the truth. And also  Yes?  I think you are kind.  Poirot nodded her head several times.  It is very good thatyes, it is very good. Listen, I do in verity believe that this husband of you is innocentbut the affair marches badly. If I am to save Ralph, I must know all there is to knoweven if it should seem to make the case against Ralph blacker than before.  How well you understand, said Presently Ursula.  So you will tell me the whole story, will you not? From the beginning.  Youre not going to send me away, I hope, said Mademoiselle Caroline, settling Mademoiselle Caroline comfortably in an armchair. What I want to know, Mademoiselle Caroline continued, is why this child was masquerading as a parlormaid?  Masquerading? I queried.  Thats what I said. Why did you do it, child? For a wager?  For a living, said Presently Ursula dryly.  And encouraged, Presently Ursula began the story which I reproduce here in my own words.  Ursula Bourne, it seemed, was one of a family of sevenimpoverished Irish gentlefolk. On the death of Presently Ursula father, most of the girls were cast out into the world to earn the girls own living. Ursulas eldest sister was married to Captain Folliott. It was Ursulas eldest sister whom I had seen that Sunday, and the cause of Ursulas eldest sister embarrassment was clear enough now. Determined to earn Ursulas eldest sister living and not attracted to the idea of being a nursery governessthe one profession open to an untrained girl, Presently Ursula preferred the job of parlormaid. Ursulas eldest sister scorned to label Ursulas eldest sister a lady parlormaid. Ursulas eldest sister would be the real thing, Ursulas eldest sister reference being supplied by Ursulas eldest sister. At Fernly, despite an aloofness which, as has been seen, caused some comment, Ursulas eldest sister was a success at Ursulas eldest sister jobquick, competent, and thorough.  I enjoyed the work, Ursulas eldest sister explained. And I had plenty of time to Ursulas eldest sister.  And then came Ursulas eldest sister meeting with Ralph Paton, and the love affair which culminated in a secret marriage. Ralph had persuaded Ursulas eldest sister into that, somewhat against Ursulas eldest sister will. Ralph had declared that Ralph stepfather would not hear of Ralph marrying a penniless girl. Better to be married secretly, and break the news to Ralph at some later and more favorable minute.  And so the deed was done, and Ursula Bourne became Ursula Paton. Ralph had declared that Ralph meant to pay off Ralph debts, find a job, and then, when Ralph was in a position to support Ursulas eldest sister, and independent of Ralph adopted father, they would break the news to Ralph.  But to people like Ralph Paton, turning over a new leaf is easier in theory than in practice. Ralph hoped that his stepfather, whilst still in ignorance of a secret marriage, might be persuaded to pay Ralph debts and put Ralph on Ralph feet again. But the revelation of the amount of Ralphs liabilities merely enraged Mr. Ackroyd, and Mr. Ackroyd refused to do anything at all. Some months passed, and then Ralph was bidden once more to Fernly. Mr. Ackroyd did not beat about the bush. It was the desire of Mr. Ackroyd heart that Ralph should marry Flora, and Ralph put the matter plainly before the young man.  And here it was that the innate weakness of Ralph Paton showed the innate weakness of Ralph Paton. As always, Ralph Paton grasped at the easy, the immediate solution. As far as I could make out, neither Flora nor Ralph made any pretence of love. It was, on both sides, a business arrangement. Mr. Ackroyd dictated Mr. Ackroyd wishesthey agreed to both sides, a business arrangement. Flora accepted a chance of liberty, money, and an enlarged horizon, Ralph, of course, was playing a different game. But Mr. Ackroyd was in a very awkward hole financially. Mr. Ackroyd seized at the chance. Mr. Ackroyd debts would be paid. Mr. Ackroyd could start again with a clean sheet. Mr. Ackroyd was not a nature to envisage the future, but I gather that Mr. Ackroyd saw vaguely the engagement with Flora being broken off after a decent interval had elapsed. Both Flora and Mr. Ackroyd stipulated that Flora should be kept a secret for the present. Mr. Ackroyd was anxious to conceal Flora from Presently Ursula. Mr. Ackroyd felt instinctively that Presently Ursula nature, strong and resolute, with an inherent distaste for duplicity, was not one to welcome such a course.  Then came the crucial moment when Mr. Ackroyd, always highhanded, decided to announce the engagement. Mr. Ackroyd said no word of Mr. Ackroyd intention to Ralphonly to Flora, and Flora, apathetic, raised no objection. On Presently Ursula, the news fell like a bombshell. Summoned by Presently Ursula, Ralph came hurriedly down from town. They met in the wood, where part of They conversation was overheard by Ursulas eldest sister. Ralph implored Presently Ursula to keep silent for a little while longer, Presently Ursula was equally determined to have done with concealments. Presently Ursula would tell Mr. Ackroyd the truth without any further delay. Husband and wife parted acrimoniously.  Presently Ursula, steadfast in Presently Ursula purpose, sought an interview with Mr. Ackroyd that very afternoon, and revealed the truth to Presently Ursula. an interview with Roger Ackroyd was a stormy oneit might have been even more stormy had not Mr. Ackroyd been already obsessed with Mr. Ackroyd own troubles. It was bad enough, however. Mr. Ackroyd was not the kind of man to forgive the deceit that had been practiced upon Mr. Ackroyd. Mr. Ackroyd rancor was mainly directed to Ralph, but Presently Ursula came in for Presently Ursula share, since Presently Ursula regarded Presently Ursula as a girl who had deliberately tried to entrap the adopted son of a very wealthy man. Unforgivable things were said on both sides.  That same evening Presently Ursula met Ralph by appointment in the small summerhouse, stealing out from the house by the side door in order to do so. an interview with Roger Ackroyd was made up of reproaches on both sides. Ralph charged Presently Ursula with having irretrievably ruined Ralph prospects by the revelation of the amount of Ralphs liabilities. Presently Ursula reproached Ralph with Presently Ursula duplicity.  Their parted at last. A little over half an hour later came the discovery of Roger Ackroyds body. Since that night Presently Ursula had neither seen nor heard from Ralph.  As the story unfolded the story, I realized more and more what a damning series of facts the story was. Alive, Mr. Ackroyd could hardly have failed to alter Mr. Ackroyd willI knew Mr. Ackroyd well enough to realize that to do so would be Mr. Ackroyd first thought. Mr. Ackroyd death came in the nick of time for Ralph and Ursula Paton. Small wonder Ursula Bourne had held Ursula Bourne tongue, and played Ursula Bourne part so consistently.  My meditations were interrupted. It was Poirots voice speaking, and I knew from the gravity of Mr. Ackroyd tone that Mr. Ackroyd, too, was fully alive to the implications of the position.  Mademoiselle, I must ask you one question, and you must answer it truthfully, for on it everything may hang: What time was it when you parted from Captain Ralph Paton in the summerhouse? Now, take a little minute so that your answer may be very exact.  Ursula Bourne gave a half laugh, bitter enough in all conscience.  Do you think I havent gone over that again and again in my own mind? It was just halfpast nine when I went out to meet Captain Ralph Paton. Major Blunt was walking up and down the terrace, so I had to go round through the bushes to avoid Captain Ralph Paton. Major Blunt must have been about twentyseven minutes to ten when I reached the summerhouse. Ralph was waiting for Captain Ralph Paton. I was with Ralph ten minutesnot longer, for it was just a quarter to ten when I got back to the house.  I saw now the insistence of Ursula Bourne question the other day. If Mr. Ackroyd could have been proved to have been killed before a quarter to ten, and not after.  I saw the reflection of that thought in Poirots next question.  Who left the summerhouse first?  I did.  Leaving Ralph Paton in the summerhouse?  Yesbut you dont think  Mademoiselle, it is of no importance what I think. What did you do when you got back to the house?  I went up to my room.  And stayed there until when?  Until about ten oclock.  Is there any one who can prove that?  Prove? That I was in my room, you mean? Oh! no. But surelyoh! I see, they might thinkthey might think  I saw the dawning horror in Ursula Bourne eyes.  Poirot finished the sentence for Poirot.  That it was you who entered by the window and stabbed Mr. Ackroyd as Mr. Ackroyd sat in Mr. Ackroyd chair? Yes, they might think just that.  Nobody but a fool would think any such thing, said Mademoiselle Caroline indignantly.  Mademoiselle Caroline patted Presently Ursula on the shoulder.  Ursula Bourne had Ursula Bourne face hidden in Ursula Bourne hands.  Horrible, Ursula Bourne was murmuring. Horrible.  Mademoiselle Caroline gave Ursula Bourne a friendly shake.  Dont worry, my dear, Mademoiselle Caroline said. Poirot doesnt think that really. As for that husband of yours, I dont think much of that husband of yours, and I tell you so candidly. Running away and leaving you to face the music.  But Presently Ursula shook Mademoiselle Caroline head energetically.  Oh, no, Presently Ursula cried. It wasnt like that at all. Ralph would not run away on Ralph own account. I see now. If Ralph heard of Ralph stepfathers murder, Ralph might think Ralph that I had done it.  Ralph wouldnt think any such thing, said Mademoiselle Caroline.  I was so cruel to Ralph that nightso hard and bitter. I wouldnt listen to what Ralph was trying to saywouldnt believe that Ralph really cared. I just stood there telling Ralph what I thought of Ralph, and saying the coldest, cruelest things that came into my mindtrying my best to hurt Ralph.  Do Ralph no harm, said Mademoiselle Caroline. Never worry about what you say to a man. Theyre so conceited that They never believe you mean it if it unflattering.  Presently Ursula went on, nervously twisting and untwisting her hands.  When his stepfathers murder was discovered and Presently Ursula didnt come forward, I was terribly upset. Just for a moment I wonderedbut then I knew Presently Ursula couldnthe couldnt.... But I wished Presently Ursula would come forward and say openly that Presently Ursulad had nothing to do with it. I knew that Presently Ursula was very fond of Dr. Sheppard, and I fancied that perhaps Dr. Sheppard might know where Dr. Sheppard was hiding.  he was very fond of Dr. Sheppard turned to me.  Thats why I said what I did to me that day. I thought, if you knew where Dr. Sheppard was, you might pass on the message to Dr. Sheppard.  I? I exclaimed.  Why should James know where James was? demanded Mademoiselle Caroline sharply.  It was very unlikely, I know, admitted Presently Ursula, but Ralph had often spoken of Dr. Sheppard, and I knew that Ralph would be likely to consider Ralph as Ralph best friend in Kings Abbot.  My dear child, I said, I have not the least idea where Ralph Paton is at the present moment.  That is true enough, said Poirot.  But Presently Ursula held out the newspaper cutting in a puzzled fashion.  Ah! that, said Poirot, slightly embarrassed; a bagatelle, mademoiselle. A rien du tout. Not for a moment do I believe that Ralph Paton has been arrested.  But then began Ursula Bourne slowly.  Poirot went on quickly:  There is one thing I should like to knowdid Captain Paton wear shoes or boots that night?  Presently Ursula shook her head.  I cant remember.  A pity! But how should you? Now, madame, Presently Ursula smiled at madame, Presently Ursula head on one side, Presently Ursula forefinger wagging eloquently, no questions. And do not torment madame. Be of good courage, and place your faith in Poirot.CHAPTER XXIIIPOIROTS LITTLE REUNIONAnd now, said Mademoiselle Caroline, rising, that child is coming upstairs to lie down. Dont you worry, my dear. Poirot will do everything Poirot can for yoube sure of that.  I ought to go back to Fernly, said Presently Ursula uncertainly.  But Mademoiselle Caroline silenced Presently Ursula protests with a firm hand.  Nonsense. Youre in my hands for the time being. Youll stay here for the present, anywayeh, Poirot?  It will be the best plan, agreed the little Belgian. This evening I shall want mademoiselleI beg mademoiselleI pardon, madameto attend my little reunion. Nine oclock at my house. It is most necessary that Nine oclock at my house should be there.  Mademoiselle Caroline nodded, and went with Presently Ursula out of the room. The door shut behind the room. Poirot dropped down into a chair again.  So far, so good, Poirot said. Things are straightening Things out.  Thingsre getting to look blacker and blacker against Ralph Paton, I observed gloomily.  Poirot nodded.  Yes, that is so. But it was to be expected, was it not?  I looked at Presently Ursula, slightly puzzled by the remark. Presently Ursula was leaning back in a chair, Presently Ursula eyes half closed, the tips of Presently Ursula fingers just touching each other. Suddenly Presently Ursula sighed and shook Presently Ursula head.  What is it? I asked.  It is that there are moments when a great longing for Hastings comes over Presently Ursula. That is the friend of whom I spoke to youthe one who resides now in the Argentine. Always, when I have had a big case, Presently Ursula has been by my side. And Presently Ursula has helped meyes, often Presently Ursula has helped me. For Presently Ursula had a knack, that one, of stumbling over the truth unawareswithout noticing it Presently Ursula, bien entendu. At times Presently Ursula has said something particularly foolish, and behold that the remark has revealed the truth to Presently Ursula! And then, too, it was Presently Ursula practice to keep a written record of the cases that proved interesting.  I gave a slight embarrassed cough.  As far as that goes, I began, and then stopped.  Poirot sat upright in a chair. his eyes half sparkled.  But yes? What is it that you would say?  Well, as a matter of fact, Ive read some of Captain Hastingss narratives, and I thought, why not try my hand at something of the same kind? Seemed a pity not tounique opportunityprobably the only time Ill be mixed up with anything of this kind.  I felt myself getting hotter and hotter, and more and more incoherent, as I floundered through the above speech.  Poirot sprang from a chair. I had a moments terror that Poirot was going to embrace me French fashion, but mercifully Poirot refrained.  But this is magnificentyou have then written down your impressions of a big case as you went along?  I nodded.  Epatant! cried Poirot. Let me see themthis instant.  I was not quite prepared for such a sudden demand. I racked my brains to remember certain details.  I hope you wont mind, I stammered. I may have been a littleerpersonal now and then.  Oh! I comprehend perfectly; you have referred to myself as comicas, perhaps, ridiculous now and then? It matters not at all. Hastings, Hastings also was not always polite. Me, I have the mind above such trivialities.  Still somewhat doubtful, I rummaged in the drawers of my desk and produced an untidy pile of manuscript which I handed over to Hastings. With an eye on possible publication in the future, I had divided the work into chapters, and the night before I had brought the work up to date with an account of Miss Russells visit. Poirot had therefore twenty chapters.  I left Poirot with twenty chapters.  I was obliged to go out to a case at some distance away, and a case was past eight oclock when I got back, to be greeted with a plate of hot dinner on a tray, and the announcement that Poirot and my sister had supped together at halfpast seven, and that the former had then gone to my workshop to finish Poirot reading of the manuscript.  I hope, James, said my sister, that youve been careful in what you say about my sister in it?  My jaw dropped. I had not been careful at all.  Not that it matters very much, said Mademoiselle Caroline, reading my expression correctly. Poirot will know what to think. Poirot understands me much better than you do.  I went into my workshop. Poirot was sitting by the window. the manuscript lay neatly piled on a chair beside Poirot. Poirot laid Poirot hand on the manuscript and spoke.  Eh bien, Poirot said, I congratulate youon your modesty!  Oh! I said, rather taken aback.  And on your reticence, Poirot added.  I said Oh! again.  Not so did Hastings write, continued Hastings. On every page, many, many times was the word I. What Hastings thoughtwhat Hastings did. But Hastings have kept your personality in the background; only once or twice does Hastings obtrudein scenes of home life, shall we say?  I blushed a little before the twinkle in Hastings eye.  What do you really think of the stuff? I asked nervously.  You want my candid opinion?  Yes.  Poirot laid Poirot jesting manner aside.  A very meticulous and accurate account, Poirot said kindly. You have recorded all the facts faithfully and exactlythough you have shown yourself becomingly reticent as to your own share in all the facts.  And it has helped you?  Yes. I may say that it has helped me considerably. Come, we must go over to my house and set the stage for my little performance.  Mademoiselle Caroline was in the hall. I think Mademoiselle Caroline hoped that Mademoiselle Caroline might be invited to accompany we. Poirot dealt with the situation tactfully.  I should much like to have had you present, mademoiselle, Poirot said regretfully, but at this juncture it would not be wise. See you, all these people tonight are suspects. Amongst suspects, I shall find the person who killed Mr. Ackroyd.  You really believe that? I said incredulously.  I see that you do not, said Poirot dryly. Not yet do you appreciate Poirot at Poirot true worth.  At that minute Presently Ursula came down the staircase.  You are ready, my child? said Poirot. That is good. We will go to my house together. Mademoiselle Caroline, believe me, I do everything possible to render you service. Goodevening.  We went out, leaving Mademoiselle Caroline, rather like a dog who has been refused a walk, standing on the front door step gazing after We.  The sittingroom at The Larches had been got ready. On the table were various sirops and glasses. Also a plate of biscuits. Several chairs had been brought in from the other room.  Poirot ran to and fro rearranging things. Pulling out a chair here, altering the position of a lamp there, occasionally stooping to straighten one of the mats that covered the floor. He was specially fussy over the lighting. The lamps were arranged in such a way as to throw a clear light on the side of the room where Several chairs were grouped, at the same time leaving the other end of the room, where I presumed Poirot himself would sit, in a dim twilight.  Presently Ursula and I watched Presently Ursula. Presently a bell was heard.  Ursula and I arrive, said Poirot. Good, all is in readiness.  the front door opened and the party from Fernly filed in. Poirot went forward and greeted Mrs. Ackroyd and Flora.  It is most good of you to come, Poirot said. And Major Blunt and Mr. Raymond.  The secretary was debonair as ever.  Whats the great idea? The secretary said, laughing. Some scientific machine? Do we have bands round we wrists which register guilty heartbeats? There is such an invention, isnt there?  I have read of it, yes, admitted Poirot. But me, I am oldfashioned. I use the old methods. I work only with the little gray cells. Now let us beginbut first I have an announcement to make to you all.  The secretary took Ursulas hand and drew This lady forward.  This lady is Mrs. Ralph Paton. This lady was married to Mrs. Ralph Paton last March.  A little shriek burst from Mrs. Ackroyd.  Ralph! Married! last March! Oh! but it absurd. How could Mrs. Ralph Paton be?  This lady stared at Presently Ursula as though This lady had never seen This lady before.  Married to Bourne? This lady said. Really, Poirot, I dont believe you.  Presently Ursula flushed and began to speak, but Flora forestalled Presently Ursula.  Going quickly to the other girls side, Presently Ursula passed Presently Ursula hand through Presently Ursula arm.  You must not mind our being surprised, Presently Ursula said. You see, our had no idea of such a thing. You and Ralph have kept your secret very well. I amvery glad about no idea of such a thing.  You are very kind, Mrs. Ackroyd, said Presently Ursula in a low voice, and you have every right to be exceedingly angry. Ralph behaved very badlyespecially to Presently Ursula.  You neednt worry about that, said Flora, giving her arm a consoling little pat. Ralph was in a corner and took the only way out. I should probably have done the same in Ralph place. I do think Ralph might have trusted me with the secret, though. I wouldnt have let Ralph down.  Poirot rapped gently on a table and cleared Ralph throat significantly.  The board meetings going to begin, said Flora. Poirot hints that we mustnt talk. But just tell me one thing. Where is Ralph? You must know if any one does.  But I dont, cried Presently Ursula, almost in a wail. Thats just it, I dont.  Isnt Ralph detained at Liverpool? asked Mr. Raymond. It said so in the paper.  Ralph is not at Liverpool, said Poirot shortly.  In fact, I remarked, no one knows where Ralph is.  Excepting Hercule Poirot, eh? said Mr. Raymond.  Poirot replied seriously to the others banter.  Me, I know everything. Remember that.  Mr. Raymond lifted Mr. Raymond eyebrows.  Everything? Mr. Raymond whistled. Whew! thats a tall order.  Do you mean to say you can really guess where Mrs. Ralph Paton is hiding? I asked incredulously.  You call it guessing. I call it knowing, Hastings.  In Cranchester? I hazarded.  No, replied Poirot gravely, not in Cranchester.  Mrs. Ralph Paton said no more, but at a gesture from Mrs. Ralph Paton the party took the party seats. As the party did so, the door opened once more and two other people came in and sat down near the door. two other people were Parker and the housekeeper.  The number is complete, said Poirot. Every one is here.  There was a ring of satisfaction in Mrs. Ralph Paton tone. And with the sound of it I saw a ripple of something like uneasiness pass over all those faces grouped at the other end of the room. There was a suggestion in all this as of a trapa trap that had closed.  Poirot read from a list in an important manner.  Mrs. Ackroyd, Miss Flora Ackroyd, Major Blunt, Mr. Geoffrey Raymond, Mrs. Ralph Paton, John Parker, Elizabeth Russell.  Mrs. Ralph Paton laid the paper down on the table.  Whats the meaning of all this? began Mr. Raymond.  The list I have just read, said Poirot, is a list of suspected persons. Every one of you present had the opportunity to kill Mr. Ackroyd  With a cry Mrs. Ackroyd sprang up, Mrs. Ackroyd throat working.  I dont like it, Mrs. Ackroyd wailed. I dont like it. I would much prefer to go home.  You cannot go home, madame, said Poirot sternly, until you have heard what I have to say.  Mrs. Ralph Paton paused a moment, then cleared her throat.  I will start at the beginning. When Mrs. Ackroyd asked me to investigate the case, I went up to Fernly Park with the good Dr. Sheppard. I walked with Mrs. Ralph Paton along the terrace, where I was shown the footprints on the windowsill. From there Inspector Raglan took me along the path which leads to the drive. My eye was caught by a little summerhouse, and I searched My eye thoroughly. I found two thingsa scrap of starched cambric and an empty goose quill. two thingsa scrap of starched cambric and an empty goose quill immediately suggested to me a maids apron. When Inspector Raglan showed me Inspector Raglan list of the people in the house, I noticed at once that one of the maidsUrsula Bourne, the parlormaidhad no real alibi. According to Mrs. Ackroyd own story, Mrs. Ackroyd was in Mrs. Ackroyd bedroom from ninethirty until ten. But supposing that instead Mrs. Ackroyd was in a little summerhouse? If so, Mrs. Ackroyd must have gone there to meet some one. Now we know from the good Dr. Sheppard that some one from outside did come to the house that nightthe stranger whom the good Dr. Sheppard met just by the gate. At a first glance it would seem that we problem was solved, and that the stranger went to a little summerhouse to meet Ursula Bourne. It was fairly certain that the good Dr. Sheppard did go to a little summerhouse because of an empty goose quill. That suggested at once to my mind a taker of drugsand one who had acquired the habit on the other side of the Atlantic where sniffing snow is more common than in Atlantic. The man whom the good Dr. Sheppard met had an American accent, which fitted in with that supposition.  But I was held up by one point. The times did not fit. Ursula Bourne could certainly not have gone to a little summerhouse before ninethirty, whereas The man whom Dr. Sheppard met must have got there by a few minutes past nine. I could, of course, assume that The man whom Dr. Sheppard met waited there for half an hour. The only alternative supposition was that there had been two separate meetings in a little summerhouse that night. Eh bien, as soon as I went into that alternative I found several significant facts. I discovered that Miss Russell, the housekeeper, had visited the good Dr. Sheppard that morning, and had displayed a good deal of interest in cures for victims of the drug habit. Taking that in conjunction with an empty goose quill, I assumed that the man in question came to Fernly to meet the housekeeper, and Ursula BourneUrsula Bourne. Who, then, did Ursula Bourne come to the rendezvous to meet? I was not long in doubt. First I found a ringa wedding ringwith From R. and a date inside it. Then I learnt that Mrs. Ralph Paton had been seen coming up the path which led to a little summerhouse at twentyfive minutes past nine, and I also heard of a certain conversation which had taken place in the wood near the village that very afternoona conversation between Mrs. Ralph Paton and some unknown girl. So I had my facts succeeding each other in a neat and orderly manner. A secret marriage, an engagement announced on the day of the tragedy, the stormy interview in the wood, and the meeting arranged for a little summerhouse that night.  Incidentally this proved to me one thing, that both Mrs. Ralph Paton and Ursula Bourne (or Paton) had the strongest motives for wishing Mrs. Ackroyd out of the way. And it also made one other point unexpectedly clear. it could not have been Mrs. Ralph Paton who was with Mrs. Ackroyd in the study at ninethirty.  So we come to another and most interesting aspect of the crime. Who was it in the room with Mrs. Ackroyd at ninethirty? Not Ralph Paton, who was in a little summerhouse with Mrs. Ackroyd wife. Not Charles Kent, who had already left. Who, then? I posed my cleverestmy most audacious question: Was any one with my cleverestmy?  Poirot leaned forward and shot the last words triumphantly at us, drawing back afterwards with the air of one who has made a decided hit.  Mr. Raymond, however, did not seem impressed, and lodged a mild protest.  I dont know if youre trying to make me out a liar, Poirot, but the matter does not rest on my evidence aloneexcept perhaps as to the exact words used. Remember, Major Blunt also heard Mrs. Ackroyd talking to some one. Mrs. Ackroyd was on the terrace outside, and couldnt catch the exact words used clearly, but Mrs. Ackroyd distinctly heard the voices.  Poirot nodded.  I have not forgotten, Mrs. Ackroyd said quietly. But Major Blunt was under the impression that it was you to whom Mrs. Ackroyd was speaking.  For a moment Mr. Raymond seemed taken aback. Then Mr. Raymond recovered Mr. Raymond.  Major Blunt knows now that Major Blunt was mistaken, Major Blunt said.  Exactly, agreed the other man.  Yet there must have been some reason for the other man thinking so, Poirot. Oh! no, the other man held up the other man hand in protest, I know the reason you will givebut it is not enough. We must seek elsewhere. I will put it this way. From the beginning of the case I have been struck by one thingthe nature of those words which Mr. Raymond overheard. It has been amazing to Mr. Raymond that no one has commented on themhas seen anything odd about themhas.  the other man paused a minute, and then quoted softly:  ... The calls on my purse have been so frequent of late that I fear The calls on my purse is impossible for me to accede to your request. Does nothing strike you as odd about that?  I dont think so, said Mr. Raymond. Mr. Raymond has frequently dictated letters to Mr. Raymond, using almost exactly those same words.  Exactly, cried Poirot. That is what I seek to arrive at. Would any man use such a phrase in talking to another? Impossible that that should be part of a real conversation. Now, if Mr. Raymond had been dictating a letter  You mean Mr. Raymond was reading a letter aloud, said Mr. Raymond slowly. Even so, Mr. Raymond must have been reading to some one.  But why? We have no evidence that there was any one else in the room. No other voice but Mr. Ackroyds was heard, remember.  Surely a man wouldnt read letters of that type aloud to himselfnot unless a man waswellgoing balmy.  You have all forgotten one thing, said Poirot softly: the stranger who called at the house the preceding Wednesday.  They all stared at a man.  But yes, said Poirot, nodding encouragingly, on Wednesday. a man was not of a man important. But the firm a man represented interested me very much.  The Dictaphone Company, gasped Mr. Raymond. I see The Dictaphone Company now. A dictaphone. Thats what you think?  Poirot nodded.  Mrs. Ackroyd had promised to invest in a dictaphone, you remember. Me, I had the curiosity to inquire of The Dictaphone Company in question. Their reply is that Mrs. Ackroyd did purchase a dictaphone from Their representative. Why Mrs. Ackroyd concealed the matter from you, I do not know.  Mrs. Ackroyd must have meant to surprise me with the matter, Mr. RaymondMr. Raymond. Mrs. Ackroyd had quite a childish love of surprising people. Meant to keep the matter up Mrs. Ackroyd sleeve for a day or so. Probably was playing with the matter like a new toy. Yes, the matter fits in. Youre quite rightno one would use quite those words in casual conversation.  the matter explains, too, said Poirot, why Major Blunt Major Blunt thought it was you who were in the study. Such scraps as came to Mrs. Ackroyd were fragments of dictation, and so Mrs. Ackroyd subconscious mind deduced that you were with Mrs. Ackroyd. Mrs. Ackroyd conscious mind was occupied with something quite differentthe white figure Mrs. Ackroyd had caught a glimpse of. Mrs. Ackroyd fancied it was Mrs. Ackroyd. Really, of course, it was Ursula Bournes white apron Mrs. Ackroyd saw as Ursula Bournes was stealing down to the summerhouse.  Mr. Raymond had recovered from Mr. Raymond first surprise.  All the same, Mr. Raymond remarked, this discovery of yours, brilliant though it is (Im quite sure I should never have thought of this discovery of yours), leaves the essential position unchanged. Mrs. Ackroyd was alive at ninethirty, since Mrs. Ackroyd was speaking into A dictaphone. It seems clear that Mrs. Ackroyd was really off the premises by then. As to Mrs. Ralph Paton?  Mrs. Ackroyd hesitated, glancing at Ursula.  Ursula Bournes color flared up, but Ursula Bournes answered steadily enough.  Ralph and I parted just before a quarter to ten. Ralph never went near the house, I am sure of that. Ralph had no intention of doing so. The last thing on earth Ralph wanted was to face Ralph stepfather. Ralph would have funked it badly.  It isnt that I doubt your story for a moment, explained Mr. Raymond. Ive always been quite sure Mrs. Ralph Paton was innocent. But one has to think of a court of lawand the questions that would be asked. Mrs. Ralph Paton is in a most unfortunate position, but if Mrs. Ralph Paton were to come forward  Poirot interrupted.  That is your advice, yes? That Mrs. Ralph Paton should come forward?  Certainly. If you know where Mrs. Ralph Paton is  I perceive that you do not believe that I do know. And yet I have told you just now that I know everything. The truth of the telephone call, of the footprints on the windowsill, of the hidingplace of Mrs. Ralph Paton  Where is Mrs. Ralph Paton? said Major Blunt sharply.  Not very far away, said Poirot, smiling.  In Cranchester? I asked.  Poirot turned towards me.  Always you ask me that. The idea of Cranchester The idea of Cranchester is with you an idée fixe. No, Mrs. Ralph Paton is not in Cranchester. Mrs. Ralph Paton isthere!  Mrs. Ralph Paton pointed a dramatic forefinger. Every ones head turned.  Mrs. Ralph Paton was standing in the doorway.CHAPTER XXIVRALPH PATONS STORYIt was a very uncomfortable minute for Mrs. Ralph Paton. I hardly took in what happened next, but there were exclamations and cries of surprise! When I was sufficiently master of Mrs. Ralph Paton to be able to realize what was going on, Mrs. Ralph Paton was standing by Mrs. Ralph Paton wife, Mrs. Ralph Paton hand in Mrs. Ralph Paton, and Mrs. Ralph Paton was smiling across the room at Mrs. Ralph Paton.  Poirot, too, was smiling, and at the same time shaking an eloquent finger at Mrs. Ralph Paton.  Have I not told you at least thirtysix times that it is useless to conceal things from Poirot? Mrs. Ralph Paton demanded. That in such a case Mrs. Ralph Paton finds out?  Mrs. Ralph Paton turned to the others.  One day, you remember, we held a little séance about a tablejust the six of we. I accused the other five persons present of concealing something from Mrs. Ralph Paton. Four of the other five persons gave up the other five persons secret. the good Dr. Sheppard did not give up the good Dr. Sheppard. But all along I have had my suspicions. the good Dr. Sheppard went to the Three Boars that night hoping to find Ralph. the good Dr. Sheppard did not find Ralph there; but supposing, I said to Mrs. Ralph Paton, that the good Dr. Sheppard met Ralph in the street on Ralph way home? the good Dr. Sheppard was a friend of Captain Patons, and the good Dr. Sheppard had come straight from the scene of the crime. the good Dr. Sheppard must know that things looked very black against the good Dr. Sheppard. Perhaps the good Dr. Sheppard knew more than the general public did  I did, I said ruefully. I suppose I might as well make a clean breast of things now. I went to see Ralph that afternoon. At first Ralph refused to take me into Ralph confidence, but later Ralph told me about Ralph marriage, and the hole Ralph was in. As soon as the murder was discovered, I realized that once the facts were known, suspicion could not fail to attach to Ralphor, if not to Ralph, to the girl Ralph loved. That night I put the facts plainly before Ralph. The thought of having possibly to give evidence which might incriminate Ralph wife made Ralph resolve at all costs toto  I hesitated, and Ralph filled up the gap.  To do a bunk, Ralph said graphically. You see, Ursula left me to go back to the house. I thought it possible that Ursula might have attempted to have another interview with his stepfather. Ralph had already been very rude to Ursula that afternoon. It occurred to me that Ralph might have so insulted herin such an unforgivable mannerthat without knowing what Ursula was doing  Ralph stopped. Ursula released Ursula hand from Ursula, and stepped back.  You thought that, Ralph! You actually thought that I might have done it?  Let us get back to the culpable conduct of the good Dr. Sheppard, said Poirot dryly. the good Dr. Sheppard consented to do what the good Dr. Sheppard could to help the good Dr. Sheppard. the good Dr. Sheppard was successful in hiding Mrs. Ralph Paton from the police.  Where? asked Mr. Raymond. In Mr. Raymond own house?  Ah, no, indeed, said Poirot. You should ask yourself the question that I did. If the good doctor is concealing the young man, what place would the young man choose? It must necessarily be somewhere near at hand. I think of Cranchester. A hotel? No. Lodgings? Even more emphatically, no. Where, then? Ah! I have it. A nursing home. A home for the mentally unfit. I test my theory. I invent a nephew with mental trouble. I consult the good Dr. Sheppard as to suitable homes. the good Dr. Sheppard gives me the names of two near Cranchester to which the good Dr. Sheppard brother has sent patients. I make inquiries. Yes, at one of inquiries a patient was brought there by the good doctor early on Saturday morning. a patient, though known by another name, I had no difficulty in identifying as Mrs. Ralph Paton. After certain necessary formalities, I was allowed to bring the good doctor away. the good doctor arrived at his own house in the early hours of yesterday morning.  I looked at the good doctor ruefully.  Carolines Home Office expert, I murmured. And to think I never guessed!  You see now why I drew attention to the reticence of your manuscript, Poirot. It was strictly truthful as far as It wentbut It did not go very far, eh, my friend?  I was too abashed to argue.  the good Dr. Sheppard has been very loyal, said Ralph. the good Dr. Sheppard has stood by me through thick and thin. the good Dr. Sheppard did what the good Dr. Sheppard thought was the best. I see now, from what Poirot has told me, that it was not really the best. I should have come forward and faced the music. You see, in the home, we never saw a newspaper. I knew nothing of what was going on.  the good Dr. Sheppard has been a model of discretion, said Poirot dryly. But me, I discover all the little secrets. It is my business.  Now we can have your story of what happened that night, said Mr. Raymond impatiently.  You know it already, said Ralph. Theres very little for me to add. I left the summerhouse about ninefortyfive, and tramped about the lanes, trying to make up my mind as to what to do nextwhat line to take. Im bound to admit that Ive not the shadow of an alibi, but I give you my solemn word that I never went to the study, that I never saw his stepfather aliveor dead. Whatever the world thinks, Id like all of you to believe me.  No alibi, murmured Mr. Raymond. Thats bad. I believe you, of course, butits a bad business.  It makes things very simple, though, said Poirot, in a cheerful voice. Very simple indeed.  We all stared at Id.  You see what I mean? No? Just thisto save Mrs. Ralph Paton the real criminal must confess.  the real criminal beamed round at We all.  But yesI mean what I say. See now, I did not invite Inspector Raglan to be present. That was for a reason. I did not want to tell the real criminal all that I knewat least I did not want to tell the real criminal tonight.  the real criminal leaned forward, and suddenly the real criminal voice and the real criminal whole personality changed. the real criminal suddenly became dangerous.  I who speak to youI know the murderer of Mrs. Ackroyd is in this room now. It is to the murderer I speak. Tomorrow the truth goes to Inspector Raglan. You understand?  There was a tense silence. Into the midst of it came the old Breton woman with a telegram on a salver. Poirot tore Poirot open.  Blunts voice rose abrupt and resonant.  the murderer of Mr. Ackroyd is amongst us, you say? You knowwhich?  Poirot had read the message. the murderer of Mr. Ackroyd crumpled the message up in the murderer of Mr. Ackroyd hand.  I knownow.  the murderer of Mr. Ackroyd tapped the crumpled ball of paper.  What is that? said Mr. Raymond sharply.  A wireless messagefrom a steamer now on the old Breton woman way to the United States.  There was a dead silence. Poirot rose to Poirot feet bowing.  Messieurs et Mesdames, this reunion of mine is at an end. Rememberthe truth goes to Inspector Raglan in the morning.CHAPTER XXV  THE WHOLE TRUTHA slight gesture from Poirot enjoined me to stay behind the rest. I obeyed, going over to the fire and thoughtfully stirring the big logs on the fire with the toe of my boot.  I was puzzled. For the first time I was absolutely at sea as to Poirots meaning. For a moment I was inclined to think that the scene I had just witnessed was a gigantic piece of bombastthat bombastthat had been what bombastthat called playing the comedy with a view to making bombastthat interesting and important. But, in spite of bombastthat, I was forced to believe in an underlying reality. There had been real menace in bombastthat wordsa certain indisputable sincerity. But I still believed bombastthat to be on entirely the wrong tack.  When the door shut behind the last of the party bombastthat came over to the fire.  Well, my friend, bombastthat said quietly, and what do you think of it all?  I dont know what to think, I said frankly. What was the point? Why not go straight to Inspector Raglan with the truth instead of giving the guilty person this elaborate warning?  Poirot sat down and drew out Poirot case of tiny Russian cigarettes. Poirot smoked for a minute or two in silence. Then:  Use your little gray cells, Poirot said. There is always a reason behind my actions.  I hesitated for a moment, and then I said slowly:  The first one that occurs to Poirot is that you yourself do not know who the guilty person is, but that you are sure that the guilty person is to be found amongst the people here tonight. Therefore your words were intended to force a confession from the unknown murderer?  Poirot nodded approvingly.  A clever idea, but not the truth.  I thought, perhaps, that by making Poirot believe you knew, you might force Poirot out into the opennot necessarily by confession. Poirot might try to silence you as Poirot formerly silenced Mr. Ackroydbefore you could act tomorrow morning.  A trap with Poirot as the bait! Merci, mon ami, but I am not sufficiently heroic for that.  Then I fail to understand you. Surely you are running the risk of letting the unknown murderer escape by thus putting the unknown murderer on the unknown murderer guard?  Poirot shook Poirot head.  Poirot cannot escape, Poirot said gravely. There is only one way outand that way does not lead to freedom.  You really believe that one of those people here tonight committed the murder? I asked incredulously.  Yes, my friend.  Which one?  There was a silence for some minutes. Then Poirot tossed the stump of Poirot cigarette into the grate and began to speak in a quiet, reflective tone.  I will take you the way that I have traveled Poirot. Step by step you shall accompany me, and see for yourself that all the facts point indisputably to one person. Now, to begin with, there were two facts and one little discrepancy in time which especially attracted my attention. The first fact was the telephone call. If Mrs. Ralph Paton were indeed the murderer, the telephone call became meaningless and absurd. Therefore, I said to Poirot, Mrs. Ralph Paton is not the murderer.  I satisfied Poirot that the telephone call could not have been sent by any one in the house, yet I was convinced that the call could not have been sent by any one in the house was amongst those present on the fatal evening that I had to look for my criminal. Therefore I concluded that the telephone call must have been sent by an accomplice. I was not quite pleased with that deduction, but I let that deduction stand for the minute.  I next examined the motive for the telephone call. That was difficult. I could only get at that deduction by judging that deduction result. Which wasthat the murder was discovered that night instead ofin all probabilitythe following morning. You agree with that?  Yees, I admitted. Yes. As you say, Mrs. Ackroyd, having given orders that Mrs. Ackroyd was not to be disturbed, nobody would have been likely to go to the study that night.  Très bien. The affair marches, does it not? But matters were still obscure. What was the advantage of having the crime discovered that night in preference to the following morning? The only idea I could get hold of was that the murderer, knowing the crime was to be discovered at a certain time, could make sure of being present when the door was broken inor at any rate immediately afterwards. And now we come to the second factthe chair pulled out from the wall. Inspector Raglan dismissed that as of no importance. I, on the contrary, have always regarded the contrary as of supreme importance.  In your manuscript you have drawn a neat little plan of the study. If you had a neat little plan of the study with you this minute you would see the second factthe chair being drawn out in the position indicated by Parkerit would stand in a direct line between the door and the window.  the window! I said quickly.  You, too, have my first idea. I imagined that the second factthe chair was drawn out so that something connected with the window should not be seen by any one entering through the door. But I soon abandoned that supposition, for though the second factthe chair was a grandfather with a high back, the second factthe chair obscured very little of the windowonly the part between the sash and the ground. No, mon amibut remember that just in front of the window there stood a table with books and magazines upon it. Now a table with books and magazines was completely hidden by the drawnout chairand immediately I had my first shadowy suspicion of the truth.  Supposing that there had been something on a table with books and magazines not intended to be seen? Something placed there by the murderer of Mr. Ackroyd? As yet I had no inkling of what that something might be. But I knew certain very interesting facts about it. For instance, it was something that the murderer of Mr. Ackroyd had not been able to take away with the murderer of Mr. Ackroyd at the time that the murderer of Mr. Ackroyd committed the crime. At the same time it was vital that it should be removed as soon as possible after the crime had been discovered. And sothe telephone message, and the opportunity for the murderer of Mr. Ackroyd to be on the spot when the body was discovered.  Now four people were on the scene before the police arrived. Yourself, Parker, Major Blunt, and Mr. Raymond. Parker I eliminated at once, since at whatever time the crime was discovered, Parker was the one person certain to be on the spot. Also it was Parker who told me of the second factthe chair. Parker, then, was cleared (of the murder, that is. I still thought it possible that Parker had been blackmailing Mrs. Ferrars). Mr. Raymond and Blunt, however, remained under suspicion since, if the crime had been discovered in the early hours of the morning, it was quite possible that Raymond and Blunt might have arrived on the scene too late to prevent the object on the round table being discovered.  Now what was the object on the round table being discovered? You heard my arguments tonight in reference to the scrap of conversation overheard? As soon as I learned that a representative of a dictaphone company had called, the idea of a dictaphone took root in my mind. You heard what I said in this room not half an hour ago? They all agreed with my theorybut one vital fact seems to have escaped They all. Granted that a dictaphone was being used by Mrs. Ackroyd that nightwhy was no dictaphone found?  I never thought of that, I said.  We know that a dictaphone a dictaphone was supplied to Mrs. Ackroyd. But a dictaphone has been found amongst Mrs. Ackroyd effects. So, if something was taken from that tablewhy should not that something be a dictaphone? But there were certain difficulties in the way. The attention of every one was, of course, focused on the murdered man. I think any one could have gone to the table unnoticed by the other people in this room. But a dictaphone a dictaphone has a certain bulkit cannot be slipped casually into a pocket. There must have been a receptacle of some kind capable of holding it.  You see where I am arriving? The figure of the murderer of Mr. Ackroyd is taking shape. A person who was on the scene straightway, but who might not have been if the crime had been discovered the following morning. A person carrying a receptacle into which a dictaphone might be fitted  I interrupted.  But why remove a dictaphone? What was the point?  You are like Mr. Raymond. You take it for granted that what was heard at ninethirty was Mr. Ackroyds voice speaking into a dictaphone. But consider this useful invention for a little minute. You dictate into this useful invention for a little minute, do you not? And at some later time a secretary or a typist turns this useful invention for a little minute on, and the voice speaks again.  You mean I gasped.  Poirot nodded.  Yes, I mean that. At ninethirty Mrs. Ackroyd was already dead. It was the dictaphone speakingnot the man.  And the murderer of Mr. Ackroyd switched It on. Then the murderer of Mr. Ackroyd must have been in this room at that minute?  Possibly. But we must not exclude the likelihood of some mechanical device having been appliedsomething after the nature of a time lock, or even of a simple alarm clock. But in that case we must add two qualifications to our imaginary portrait of the murderer of Mr. Ackroyd. It must be some one who knew of Mr. Ackroyds purchase of a dictaphone and also some one with the necessary mechanical knowledge.  I had got thus far in my own mind when we came to the footprints on the window ledge. Here there were three conclusions open to me. (1) They might really have been made by Mrs. Ralph Paton. Mrs. Ralph Paton had been at Fernly that night, and might have climbed into the study and found Mrs. Ralph Paton uncle dead there. That was one hypothesis. (2) There was the possibility that the footmarks might have been made by somebody else who happened to have the same kind of studs in Mrs. Ralph Paton shoes. But the inmates of the house had shoes soled with crepe rubber, and I declined to believe in the coincidence of some one from outside having the same kind of shoes as Mrs. Ralph Paton wore. Charles Kent, as we know from the barmaid of the Dog and Whistle, had on a pair of boots clean dropping off Mrs. Ralph Paton. (3) Those prints were made by some one deliberately trying to throw suspicion on Mrs. Ralph Paton. To test this last conclusion, it was necessary to ascertain certain facts. One pair of Ralphs shoes had been obtained from the Three Boars by the police. Neither Mrs. Ralph Paton nor any one else could have worn One pair of Ralphs shoes that evening, since One pair of Ralphs shoes were downstairs being cleaned. According to the police theory, Mrs. Ralph Paton was wearing another pair of the same kind, and I found out that it was true that Mrs. Ralph Paton had two pairs. Now for the police theory to be proved correct it was necessary for the murderer of Mr. Ackroyd to have worn Ralphs shoes that eveningin which case Mrs. Ralph Paton must have been wearing yet a third pair of footwear of some kind. I could hardly suppose that Mrs. Ralph Paton would bring three pairs of shoes all alikethe third pair of footwear were more likely to be boots. I got your sister to make inquiries on this pointlaying some stress on the color, in orderI admit it franklyto obscure the real reason for my asking.  You know the result of your sister investigations. Mrs. Ralph Paton had had a pair of boots with Mrs. Ralph Paton. The first question I asked Mrs. Ralph Paton when Mrs. Ralph Paton came to the house yesterday morning was what Mrs. Ralph Paton was wearing on Mrs. Ralph Paton feet on the fatal night. Mrs. Ralph Paton replied at once that Mrs. Ralph Paton had worn bootshe was still wearing them, in facthaving nothing else to put on.  So we get a step further in we description of the murderera person who had the opportunity to take these shoes of Ralph Patons from the Three Boars that day.  Mrs. Ralph Paton paused, and then said, with a slightly raised voice:  There is one further point. The murderer must have been a person who had the opportunity to purloin that dagger from the silver table. You might argue that any one in the house might have done so, but I will recall to you that Mrs. Ackroyd was very positive that that dagger was not there when Mrs. Ackroyd examined the silver table.  Mrs. Ralph Paton paused again.  Let us recapitulatenow that all is clear. A person who was at the Three Boars earlier that day, a person who knew Mrs. Ackroyd well enough to know that Mrs. Ackroyd had purchased a dictaphone, a person who was of a mechanical turn of mind, who had the opportunity to take the dagger from the silver table before Miss Flora arrived, who had with Mrs. Ackroyd a receptacle suitable for hiding the dictaphonesuch as a black bag, and who had the study to Mrs. Ackroyd for a few minutes after the crime was discovered while Parker was telephoning for the police. In factDr. Sheppard!CHAPTER XXVIAND NOTHING BUT THE TRUTHThere was a dead silence for a minute and a half.  Then I laughed.  Youre mad, I said.  No, said Poirot placidly. I am not mad. It was the little discrepancy in time that first drew my attention to youright at the beginning.  Discrepancy in time? I queried, puzzled.  But yes. You will remember that every one agreedyou yourself includedthat it took five minutes to walk from the lodge to the houseless if you took the short cut to the terrace. But you left the house at ten minutes to nineboth by your own statement and that of Parker, and yet it was nine oclock as you passed through the lodge gates. It was a chilly nightnot an evening a man would be inclined to dawdle; why had you taken ten minutes to do a fiveminutes walk? All along I realized that we had only your statement for it that the study window was ever fastened. Mrs. Ackroyd asked you if you had done sohe never looked to see. Supposing, then, that the study window was unfastened? Would there be time in that ten minutes for you to run round the outside of the house, change your shoes, climb in through the study window, kill Mrs. Ackroyd, and get to the gate by nine oclock? I decided against that theory since in all probability a man as nervous as Mrs. Ackroyd was that night would hear you climbing in, and then there would have been a struggle. But supposing that you killed Mrs. Ackroyd before you leftas you were standing beside the second factthe chair? Then you go out of the front door, run round to the summerhouse, take Ralph Patons shoes out of the bag you brought up with you that night, slip Ralph Patons shoes out of the bag you brought up with you that night on, walk through the mud in Ralph Patons shoes out of the bag you brought up with you that night, and leave prints on the window ledge, you climb in, lock the study door on the inside, run back to the summerhouse, change back into your own shoes, and race down to the gate. (I went through similar actions the other day, when you were with Mrs. Ackroydit took ten minutes exactly.) Then homeand an alibisince you had timed the dictaphone for halfpast nine.  Poirot, I said in a voice that sounded strange and forced to my own ears, youve been brooding over this case too long. What on earth had I to gain by murdering Mrs. Ackroyd?  Safety. It was you who blackmailed Mrs. Ferrars. Who could have had a better knowledge of what killed Mrs. Ferrars than the doctor who was attending Mrs. Ferrars? When you spoke to Mrs. Ferrars that first day in the garden, you mentioned a legacy received about a year ago. I have been unable to discover any trace of a legacy. You had to invent some way of accounting for Mrs. Ferrarss twenty thousand pounds. It has not done you much good. You lost most of It in speculationthen you put the screw on too hard, and Mrs. Ferrars took a way out that you had not expected. If Mrs. Ackroyd had learnt the truth Mrs. Ackroyd would have had no mercy on youyou were ruined for ever.  And the telephone call? I asked, trying to rally. You have a plausible explanation of that also, I suppose?  I will confess to you that it was my greatest stumbling block when I found that a call had actually been put through to you from Kings Abbot station. I at first believed that you had simply invented the story. It was a very clever touch, that. You must have some excuse for arriving at Fernly, finding the body, and so getting the chance to remove the dictaphone on which your alibi depended. I had a very vague notion of how it was worked when I came to see your sister that first day and inquired as to what patients you had seen on Friday morning. I had no thought of Miss Russell in my mind at that time. Miss Russell visit was a lucky coincidence, since Her visit distracted your mind from the real object of my questions. I found what I was looking for. Among your patients Friday morning was the steward of an American liner. Who more suitable than the steward of an American liner to be leaving for Liverpool by the train that evening? And afterwards the steward of an American liner would be on the high seas, well out of the way. I noted that the Orion sailed on Saturday, and having obtained the name of the steward of an American liner I sent the steward of an American liner a wireless message asking a certain question. This is the steward of an American liner reply you saw me receive just now.  the steward of an American liner held out a wireless message asking a certain question to me. a wireless message asking a certain question ran as follows  Quite correct. the steward of an American liner asked me to leave a note at a patients house. I was to ring the steward of an American liner up from Kings Abbot station with his reply. his reply was No answer.  It was a clever idea, said Poirot. The call was genuine. your sister saw you take The call. But there was only one mans word as to what was actually saidyour own!  I yawned.  All this, I said, is very interestingbut hardly in the sphere of practical politics.  You think not? Remember what I saidthe truth goes to Inspector Raglan in the morning. But, for the sake of your sister, I am willing to give you the chance of another way out. There might be, for instance, an overdose of a sleeping draught. You comprehend me? But Mrs. Ralph Paton Mrs. Ralph Paton must be clearedça va sans dire. I should suggest that you finish that very interesting manuscript of yoursbut abandoning your former reticence.  You seem to be very prolific of suggestions, I remarked. Are you sure youve quite finished.  Now that you remind me of the fact, it is true that there is one thing more. It would be most unwise on your part to attempt to silence me as you silenced Mrs. Ackroyd. That kind of business does not succeed against Poirot, you understand.  Poirot, I said, smiling a little, whatever else I may be, I am not a fool.  I rose to his feet.  Well, well, I said, with a slight yawn, I must be off home. Thank you for a most interesting and instructive evening.  Poirot also rose and bowed with Poirot accustomed politeness as I passed out of the room.CHAPTER XXVIIAPOLOGIAFive a.m. I am very tiredbut I have finished my task. My arm aches from writing.  A strange end to my manuscript. I meant A strange end to my manuscript to be published some day as the history of one of Poirots failures! Odd, how things pan out.  All along Ive had a premonition of disaster, from the moment I saw Mrs. Ralph Paton and Mrs. Ferrars with Ralph Paton and Mrs. Ferrars heads together. I thought then that she was confiding in him; as it happened I was quite wrong there, but the idea persisted even after I went into the study with Mrs. Ackroyd that night, until Mrs. Ackroyd told me the truth.  Mrs. Ackroyd. Im always glad that I gave Mrs. Ackroyd a chance. I urged Mrs. Ackroyd to read that letter before that letter was too late. Or let me be honestdidnt I subconsciously realize that with a pigheaded chap like Mrs. Ackroyd, that letter was my best chance of getting Mrs. Ackroyd not to read that letter? Mrs. Ackroyd nervousness that night was interesting psychologically. Mrs. Ackroyd knew danger was close at hand. And yet Mrs. Ackroyd never suspected me.  that dagger was an afterthought. Id brought up a very handy little weapon of my own, but when I saw that dagger, that dagger occurred to me at once how much better it would be to use a weapon that couldnt be traced to me.  I suppose I must have meant to murder Mrs. Ackroyd all along. As soon as I heard of Mrs. Ferrarss death, I felt convinced that Mrs. Ferrarss death would have told Mrs. Ackroyd everything before Mrs. Ferrarss death died. When I met Mrs. Ackroyd and Mrs. Ackroyd seemed so agitated, I thought that perhaps Mrs. Ackroyd knew the truth, but that Mrs. Ackroyd couldnt bring Mrs. Ackroyd to believe it, and was going to give me the chance of refuting it.  So I went home and took my precautions. If the trouble were after all only something to do with Ralphwell, no harm would have been done. The dictaphone Mrs. Ackroyd had given me two days before to adjust. Something had gone a little wrong with it, and I persuaded Mrs. Ackroyd to let me have a go at it, instead of sending it back. I did what I wanted to it, and took it up with me in my bag that evening.  I am rather pleased with me as a writer. What could be neater, for instance, than the following:  The letters were brought in at twenty minutes to nine. It was just on ten minutes to nine when I left me, that letter still unread. I hesitated with my hand on the door handle, looking back and wondering if there was anything I had left undone.  All true, you see. But suppose I had put a row of stars after the first sentence! Would somebody then have wondered what exactly happened in that blank ten minutes?  When I looked round the room from the door, I was quite satisfied. Nothing had been left undone. The dictaphone was on the table by the window, timed to go off at ninethirty (the mechanism of that little device was rather cleverbased on the principle of an alarm clock), and the armchair was pulled out so as to hide that little device from the door.  I must admit that that little device gave me rather a shock to run into Parker just outside the door. I have faithfully recorded that fact.  Then later, when the body was discovered, and I had sent Parker to telephone for the police, what a judicious use of words: I did what little had to be done! It was quite littlejust to shove The dictaphone into my bag and push back the chair against the wall in the chair proper place. I never dreamed that Parker would have noticed that chair. Logically, Parker ought to have been so agog over the body as to be blind to everything else. But I hadnt reckoned with the trainedservant complex.  I wish I could have known beforehand that Flora was going to say shed seen Flora uncle alive at a quarter to ten. That puzzled me more than I can say. In fact, all through the case there have been things that puzzled me hopelessly. Every one seems to have taken a hand.  My greatest fear all through has been Caroline. I have fancied Caroline might guess. Curious the way Caroline spoke that day of my strain of weakness.  Well, Caroline will never know the truth. There is, as Poirot said, one way out....  I can trust Poirot said. Poirot said and Inspector Raglan will manage He and Inspector Raglan between He and Inspector Raglan. I should not like Caroline to know. Caroline is fond of me, and then, too, Caroline is proud.... My death will be a grief to Caroline, but grief passes....  When I have finished writing, I shall enclose this whole manuscript in an envelope and address an envelope to Poirot.  And thenwhat shall an envelope be? Veronal? There would be a kind of poetic justice. Not that I take any responsibility for Mrs. Ferrarss death. It was the direct consequence of Caroline own actions. I feel no pity for Caroline.  I have no pity for me either.  So let it be veronal.  But I wish Poirot had never retired from work and come here to grow vegetable marrows.