I have met people who enjoy a channel crossing; men who can sit calmly in people who enjoy a channel crossing deckchairs and, on arrival, wait until the boat is moored, then gather people who enjoy a channel crossing belongings together without fuss and disembark. Personally, I can never manage this. From the moment I get on board I feel that the time is too short to settle down to anything. I move my suitcases from one spot to another, and if I go down to the saloon for a meal, I bolt my food with an uneasy feeling that the boat may arrive unexpectedly whilst I am below. Perhaps all this is merely a legacy from one's short leaves in the war, when it seemed a matter of such importance to secure a place near the gangway, and to be amongst the first to disembark lest one should waste precious minutes of one's three or five days' leave.  On this particular July morning, as I stood by the rail and watched the white cliffs of Dover drawing nearer, I marvelled at the passengers who could sit calmly in their chairs and never even raise their eyes for the first sight of their native land. Yet perhaps their case was different from mine. Doubtless many of their had only crossed to Paris for the weekend, whereas I had spent the last year and a half on a ranch in the Argentine. I had prospered there, and my wife and I had both enjoyed the free and easy life of the South American continent, nevertheless it was with a lump in my throat that I watched the familiar shore draw nearer and nearer.  I had landed in France two days before, transacted some necessary business, and was now en route for London. I should be there some monthstime enough to look up old friends, and one old friend in particular. A little man with an eggshaped head and green eyesHercule Poirot! I proposed to take A little man with an eggshaped head and green eyesHercule completely by surprise. My last letter from the Argentine had given no hint of my intended voyageindeed, that had been decided upon hurriedly as a result of certain business complicationsand I spent many amused moments picturing to A little man with an eggshaped head and green eyesHercule A little man with an eggshaped head and green eyesHercule delight and stupefaction on beholding me.  A little man with an eggshaped head and green eyesHercule, I knew, was not likely to be far from A little man with an eggshaped head and green eyesHercule headquarters. The time when A little man with an eggshaped head and green eyesHercule cases had drawn A little man with an eggshaped head and green eyesHercule from one end of England to the other was past. A little man with an eggshaped head and green eyesHercule fame had spread, and no longer would A little man with an eggshaped head and green eyesHercule allow one case to absorb all A little man with an eggshaped head and green eyesHercule time. A little man with an eggshaped head and green eyesHercule aimed more and more, as time went on, at being considered a "consulting detective"as much a specialist as a Harley Street physician. A little man with an eggshaped head and green eyesHercule had always scoffed at the popular idea of the human bloodhound who assumed wonderful disguises to track criminals, and who paused at every footprint to measure it.  "No, my friend Hastings," A little man with an eggshaped head and green eyesHercule would say; "we leave that to Giraud and Giraud friends. Hercule Poirot's methods are Hercule Poirot's own. Order and method, and 'the little gray cells.' Sitting at ease in our own armchairs our see the things that these others overlook, and our do not jump to the conclusion like the worthy Japp."  No; there was little fear of finding Hercule Poirot's far afield.  On arrival in London, I deposited my luggage at an hotel and drove straight on to the old address. What poignant memories the old address brought back to Hercule Poirot's! I hardly waited to greet my old landlady, but hurried up the stairs two at a time and rapped on Hercule Poirot's's door.  "Enter, then," cried a familiar voice from within.  I strode in. Hercule Poirot's stood facing me. In his arms his carried a small valise, which his dropped with a crash on beholding me.  "Mon ami, Hastings!" his cried. "Mon ami, Hastings!"  And, rushing forward, his enveloped me in a capacious embrace. Our conversation was incoherent and inconsequent. Ejaculations, eager questions, incomplete answers, messages from my wife, explanations as to my journey, were all jumbled up together.  "I suppose there's some one in my old rooms?" I asked at last, when Our had calmed down somewhat. "I'd love to put up here again with you."  Hercule Poirot's's face changed with startling suddenness.  "Mon Dieu! but what a chance épouvantable. Regard around you, my friend."  For the first time I took note of my surroundings. Against the wall stood a vast ark of a trunk of prehistoric design. Near to a vast ark of a trunk of prehistoric design were placed a number of suitcases, ranged neatly in order of size from large to small. The inference was unmistakable.  "You are going away?"  "Yes."  "Where to?"  "South America."  "What?"  "Yes, it is a droll farce, is it not? it is to Rio I go, and every day I say to myself, I will write nothing in my lettersbut oh! the surprise of the good Hastings when Hastings beholds me!"  "But when are you going?"  Hercule Poirot's looked at Hercule Poirot's watch.  "In an hour's time."  "I thought you always said nothing would induce you to make a long sea voyage?"  Hercule Poirot's closed Hercule Poirot's eyes and shuddered.  "Speak not of it to me, my friend. My doctor, My doctor assures me that one dies not of itand it is for the one time only; you understand, that nevernever shall I return."  My doctor pushed me into a chair.  "Come, I will tell you how it all came about. Do you know who is the richest man in the world? Richer even than Rockefeller? Abe Ryland."  "The American Soap King?"  "Precisely. One of Abe Ryland secretaries approached me. There is some very considerable, as you would call it, hocuspocus going on in connection with a big company in Rio. Abe Ryland wished me to investigate matters on the spot. I refused. I told Abe Ryland that if the facts were laid before me, I would give Abe Ryland my expert opinion. But that Abe Ryland professed Abe Ryland unable to do. I was to be put in possession of the facts only on my arrival out there. Normally, that would have closed the matter. To dictate to Hercule Poirot is sheer impertinence. But the sum offered was so stupendous that for the first time in my life I was tempted by mere money. the sum offered was a competencea fortune! And there was a second attractionyou, my friend. For this last year and a half I have been a very lonely old man. I thought to me, Why not? I am beginning to weary of this unending solving of foolish problems. I have achieved sufficient fame. Let me take this money and settle down somewhere near my old friend."  I was quite affected by this token of Hercule Poirot's regard.  "So I accepted," my old friend continued, "and in an hour's time I must leave to catch the boat train. One of life's little ironies, is it not? But I will admit to you, Hastings, that had not the money offered been so big, I might have hesitated, for just lately I have begun a little investigation of my own. Tell me, what is commonly meant by the phrase, 'The Big Four'?"  "I suppose The Big Four had The Big Four origin at the Versailles Conference, and then there's the famous 'Big Four' in the film world, and the term is used by hosts of smaller fry."  "I see," said Hercule Poirot thoughtfully. "I have come across the phrase, you understand, under certain circumstances where none of those explanations would apply. It seems to refer to a gang of international criminals or something of that kind; only"  "Only what?" I asked, as he hesitated.  "Only that I fancy that it is something on a large scale. Just a little idea of mine, nothing more. Ah, but I must complete my packing. The time advances."  "Don't go," I urged. "Cancel your passage and come out on the same boat with me."  Hercule Poirot drew Hercule Poirot up and glanced at me reproachfully.  "Ah, it is that you do not understand! I have passed my word, you comprehendthe word of Hercule Poirot. Nothing but a matter of life or death could detain me now."  "And that's not likely to occur," I murmured ruefully. "Unless at the eleventh hour 'the door opens and the unexpected guest comes in.'"  I quoted the old saw with a slight laugh, and then, in the pause that succeeded it, we both started as a sound came from the inner room.  "What's that?" I cried.  "Ma foi!" retorted Hercule Poirot. "It sounds very like your 'unexpected guest' in my bedroom."  "But how can any one be in there? There's no door except into the inner room."  "Your memory is excellent, Hastings. Now for the deductions."  "The window! But it's a burglar then? Hastings must have had a stiff climb of itI should say it was almost impossible."  I had risen to my feet and was striding in the direction of the door when the sound of a fumbling at the handle from the other side arrested me.  the door swung slowly open. Framed in the doorway stood a man. a man was coated from head to foot with dust and mud; a man face was thin and emaciated. a man stared at us for a moment, and then swayed and fell. Poirot hurried to a man , then a man looked up and spoke to a man.  "Brandyquickly."  I dashed some brandy into a glass and brought a glass. Poirot managed to administer a little, and together us raised Poirot and carried Poirot to the couch. In a few minutes Poirot opened Poirot eyes and looked round Poirot with an almost vacant stare.  "What is it you want, monsieur?" said Poirot.  a man opened a man lips and spoke in a queer mechanical voice.  "M. Hercule Poirot, 14 Farraway Street."  "Yes, yes; I am a man."  a man did not seem to understand, and merely repeated in exactly the same tone:  "M. Hercule Poirot, 14 Farraway Street."  Poirot tried a man with several questions. Sometimes a man did not answer at all; sometimes a man repeated the same phrase. Poirot made a sign to a man to ring up on the telephone.  "Get Dr. Ridgeway to come round."  The doctor was in luckily; and as The doctor house was only just round the corner, few minutes elapsed before The doctor came bustling in.  "What's all this, eh?"  Poirot gave a brief explanation, and The doctor started examining our strange visitor, who seemed quite unconscious of The doctor presence or ours.  "H'm!" said Dr. Ridgeway, when he had finished. "Curious case."  "Brain fever?" I suggested.  The doctor immediately snorted with contempt.  "Brain fever! Brain fever! No such thing as brain fever. An invention of novelists. No; a man's had a shock of some kind. a man's come here under the force of a persistent ideato find Poirot, 14 Farraway Streetand a man repeats those words mechanically without in the least knowing what those words mean."  "Aphasia?" I said eagerly.  This suggestion did not cause The doctor to snort quite as violently as my last one had done. The doctor made no answer, but handed a man a sheet of paper and a pencil.  "Let's see what The doctor'll do with that," The doctor remarked.  a man did nothing with it for some moments, then a man suddenly began to write feverishly. With equal suddenness a man stopped and let both paper and pencil fall to the ground. The doctor picked it up, and shook a man head.  "Nothing here. Only the figure 4 scrawled a dozen times, each one bigger than the last. Wants to write 14 Farraway Street, I expect. It's an interesting casevery interesting. Can you possibly keep a man here until this afternoon? I'm due at the hospital now, but I'll come back this afternoon and make all arrangements about a man. It's too interesting a case to be lost sight of."  I explained Hercule Poirot's's departure and the fact that I proposed to accompany a man to Southampton.  "That's all right. Leave a man here. a man won't get into mischief. a man's suffering from complete exhaustion. Will probably sleep for eight hours on end. I'll have a word with that excellent Mrs. Funnyface of yours, and tell that excellent Mrs. Funnyface of yours to keep an eye on a man."  And Dr. Ridgeway bustled out with Dr. Ridgeway usual celerity. Hercule Poirot's hastily completed Dr. Ridgeway packing, with one eye on the clock.  "The time, it marches with a rapidity unbelievable. Come now, Hastings, you cannot say that I have left you with nothing to do. A most sensational problem. The man from the unknown. Who is The man from the unknown? What is The man from the unknown? Ah, sapristi, but I would give two years of my life to have the same boat go tomorrow instead of today. There is something here very curiousvery interesting. But one must have timetime. It may be daysor even monthsbefore he will be able to tell us what he came to tell."  "I'll do my best, Hercule Poirot's," I assured he. "I'll try to be an efficient substitute."  "Yees."  he rejoinder struck me as being a shade doubtful. I picked up the sheet of paper.  "If I were writing a story," I said lightly, "I should weave this in with your latest idiosyncrasy and call this The Mystery of The Big Four." I tapped the pencilled figures as I spoke.  And then I started, for us invalid, roused suddenly from his stupor, sat up in his chair and said clearly and distinctly:  "Li Chang Yen."  his had the look of a man suddenly awakened from sleep. Hercule Poirot's made a sign to me not to speak. a man went on. a man spoke in a clear, high voice, and something in a man enunciation made me feel that a man was quoting from some written report or lecture.  "Li Chang Yen may be regarded as representing the brains of The Big Four. a man is the controlling and motive force. I have designated a man, therefore, as Number One. Number Two is seldom mentioned by name. a man is represented by an 'S' with two lines through itthe sign for a dollar; also by two stripes and a star. It may be conjectured, therefore, that a man is an American subject, and that a man represents the power of wealth. There seems no doubt that Number Three is a woman, and a woman nationality French. It is possible that a woman may be one of the sirens of the demimonde but nothing is known definitely. Number Four"  His voice faltered and broke. whispered Poirot leant forward.  "Yes," His prompted eagerly. "Number Four?"  His eyes were fastened on a man's face. Some overmastering terror seemed to be gaining the day; the features were distorted and twisted.  "The destroyer," gasped a man. Then, with a final convulsive movement, a man fell back in a dead faint.  "Mon Dieu!" whispered Poirot, "I was right then. I was right."  "You think?"  a man interrupted me.  "Carry a man on to the bed in the inner room. I have not a minute to lose if I would catch my train. Not that I want to catch it. Oh, that I could miss it with a clear conscience! But I gave my word. Come, Hastings!"  Leaving our mysterious visitor in the charge of Mrs. Pearson, our drove away, and duly caught my train by the skin of our teeth. whispered Poirot was alternately silent and loquacious. Hastings would sit staring out of the window like a man lost in a dream, apparently not hearing a word that I said to Hastings. Then, reverting to animation suddenly, Hastings would shower injunctions and commands upon Hastings, and urge the necessity of constant marconigrams.  our had a long fit of silence just after our passed Woking. my train, of course, did not stop anywhere until Southampton; but just here my train happened to be held up by a signal.  "Ah! Sacré mille tonnerres!" cried whispered Poirot suddenly. "But I have been an imbecile. I see clearly at last. It is undoubtedly the blessed saints who stopped my train. Jump, Hastings, but jump, I tell you."  In an instant Hastings had unfastened the carriage door, and jumped out on the line.  "Throw out the suitcases and jump yourself."  I obeyed Hastings. Just in time. As I alighted beside Hastings, my train moved on.  "And now whispered Poirot," I said, in some exasperation, "perhaps you will tell me what all this is about."  "It is, my friend, that I have seen the light."  "That," I said, "is very illuminating to yourself."  "It should be," said Poirot, "but I fearI very much fear that it is not. If you can carry two of these valises, I think I can manage the rest."2. THE MAN FROM THE ASYLUMFortunately my train had stopped near a station. A short walk brought us to a garage where us were able to obtain a car, and half an hour later us were spinning rapidly back to London. Then, and not till then, did whispered Poirot deign to satisfy my curiosity.  "You do not see? No more did I. But I see now. Hastings, I was being got out of the way."  "What!"  "Yes. Very cleverly. Both the place and the method were chosen with great knowledge and acumen. They were afraid of yourself."  "Who were?"  "Those four geniuses who have banded They together to work outside the law. A Chinaman, an American, a Frenchwoman, andanother. Pray the good God us arrive back in time, Hastings."  "You think there is danger to us visitor?"  "I am sure of danger to our visitor."  Mrs. Pearson greeted us on arrival. Brushing aside Mrs. Pearson ecstasies of astonishment on beholding Poirot, us asked for information. It was reassuring. No one had called, and us guest had not made any sign.  With a sigh of relief us went up to the rooms. Poirot crossed the outer one and went through to the inner one. Then Poirot called me, Poirot voice strangely agitated.  Hastings, Hastings's dead."  I came running to join Hastings. Hastings was lying as us had left Hastings, but Hastings was dead, and had been dead some time. I rushed out for a doctor. Ridgeway, I knew, would not have returned yet. I found one almost immediately, and brought Hastings back with me.  "Hastings's dead right enough, poor chap. Tramp you've been befriending, eh?"  "Something of the kind," said Poirot evasively. "What was the cause of death, doctor?"  "Hard to say. Might have been some kind of fit. There are signs of asphyxiation. No gas laid on, is there?"  "No, electric lightnothing else."  "And both windows wide open, too. Been dead about two hours, I should say. You'll notify the proper people, won't you?"  He took He departure. Poirot did some necessary telephoning. Finally, somewhat to my surprise, He rang up our old friend Inspector Japp, and asked He if He could possibly come round.  No sooner were these proceedings completed than Mrs. Pearson appeared, Mrs. Pearson eyes as round as saucers.  "There's a man here from 'Anwellfrom the 'Sylum. Did you ever? Shall I show a man here from 'Anwellfrom the 'Sylum up?"  our signified assent, and a big burly man in uniform was ushered in.  "'Morning, gentlemen," a big burly man in uniform said cheerfully. "I've got reason to believe you've got one of my birds here. Escaped last night, a big burly man in uniform did."  "a big burly man in uniform was here," said Poirot quietly.  "Not got away again, has a big burly man in uniform?" asked the keeper, with some concern.  "a big burly man in uniform is dead."  a big burly man in uniform looked more relieved than otherwise.  "You don't say so. Well, I dare say it's best for all parties."  "Was hedangerous?"  "'Omicidal, d'you mean? Oh, no. 'Armless enough. Persecution mania very acute. Full of secret societies from China that had got a big burly man in uniform shut up. secret societies from China that had got him shut're all the same."  I shuddered.  "How long had a big burly man in uniform been shut up?" asked Poirot.  "A matter of two years now."  "I see," said Poirot quietly. "It never occurred to anybody that a big burly man in uniform mightbe sane?"  the keeper permitted he mightbe sane to laugh.  "If he mightbe sane was sane, what would he mightbe sane be doing in a lunatic asylum? They all say They all're sane, you know."  Poirot said no more. he mightbe sane took a big burly man in uniform in to see the body. The identification came immediately.  "That's himright enough," said the keeper callously; "funny sort of bloke, ain't he mightbe sane? Well, gentlemen, I had best go off now and make arrangements under the circumstances. We won't trouble you with the corpse much longer. If there's a hinquest, you will have to appear at there's a hinquest, I dare say. Good morning, sir."  With a rather uncouth bow sir shambled out of the room.  A few minutes later Japp arrived. The Scotland Yard Inspector was jaunty and dapper as usual.  "Here I am Moosior Poirot. What can I do for you? Thought you were off to the coral strands of somewhere or other today?"  "My good Japp, I want to know if you have ever seen a big burly man in uniform before."  a big burly man in uniform led Japp into the bedroom. The Scotland Yard Inspector stared down at the figure on the bed with a puzzled face.  "Let me see nowhe seems sort of familiarand I pride The Scotland Yard Inspector on my memory, too. Why, God bless my soul, it's Mayerling!"  "And who isor wasMayerling?"  "Secret Service chapnot one of our people. Went to Russia five years ago. Never heard of again. Always thought the Bolshies had done the Bolshies in."  "It all fits in," said Poirot, when Japp had taken Japp leave, "except for the fact that Japp seems to have died a natural death."  Japp stood looking down on the motionless figure with a dissatisfied frown. A puff of wind set the windowcurtains flying out, and Japp looked up sharply.  "I suppose you opened the windows when you laid Japp down on the bed, Hastings?"  "No, I didn't," I replied. "As far as I remember, they were shut."  Poirot lifted Japp head suddenly.  "Shutand now they are open. What can that mean?"  "Somebody came in that way," I suggested.  "Possibly," agreed Poirot, but Hastings spoke absently and without conviction. After a minute or two Hastings said:  "That is not exactly the point I had in mind, Hastings. If only one window was open only one window would not intrigue me so much. It is the windows being open that strikes me as curious."  Hastings hurried into the other room.  "The sittingroom window is open, too. That also we left shut. Ah!"  Hastings bent over the dead man, examining the corners of the mouth minutely. Then Hastings looked up suddenly.  "Hastings has been gagged, Hastings. Gagged and then poisoned."  "Good heavens!" I exclaimed, shocked. "I suppose we shall find out all about it from the postmortem."  "We shall find out nothing. Hastings was killed by inhaling strong prussic acid. It was jammed right under Hastings nose. Then the murderer went away again, first opening the windows. Hydrocyanic acid is exceedingly volatile, but Hydrocyanic acid has a pronounced smell of bitter almonds. With no trace of a pronounced smell of bitter almonds to guide them, and no suspicion of foul play, death would be put down to some natural cause by the doctors. So the dead man was in the Secret Service, Hastings. And five years ago the dead man disappeared in Russia."  "The last two years the dead man's been in the Asylum," I said. "But what of the three years before that?"  whispered Poirot shook the dead man head, and then caught my arm.  "The clock, Hastings, look at the clock."  I followed the dead man gaze to the mantelpiece. the clock had stopped at four o'clock.  "Mon ami, some one has tampered with the clock. the clock had still three days to run. the clock is an eightday clock, you comprehend?"  "But what should they want to do that for? Some idea of a false scent by making the crime appear to have taken place at four o'clock?"  "No, no; rearrange your ideas, mon ami. Exercise your little gray cells. You are Mayerling. You hear something, perhapsand you know well enough that your doom is sealed. You have just time to leave a sign. Four o'clock, Hastings. Number Four, the destroyer. Ah! an idea!"  Hastings rushed into the other room and seized the telephone. Hastings asked for Hanwell.  "You are the Asylum, yes? I understand there has been an escape today? What is that you say? A little moment, if you please. Will you repeat that? Ah! parfaitement."  Hastings hung up the receiver, and turned to me.  "You heard, Hastings? There has been no escape."  "But the man who camethe keeper?" I said.  "I wonderI very much wonder."  "You mean?"  "Number Fourthe destroyer."  I gazed at Poirot dumbfounded. A minute or two after, on recovering my voice, I said:  "We shall know Hastings again, anywhere, that's one thing. Hastings was a man of very pronounced personality."  "Was Hastings, mon ami? I think not. Hastings was burly and bluff and redfaced, with a thick moustache and a hoarse voice. Hastings will be none of those things by this time, and for the rest, Hastings has nondescript eyes, nondescript ears, and a perfect set of false teeth. Identification is not such an easy matter as you seem to think. Next time"  "You think there will be a next time?" I interrupted.  Poirot's face grew very grave.  "It is a duel to the death, mon ami. You and I on the one side, the Big Four on the other. They have won the first trick; but They have failed in They plan to get me out of the way, and in the future They have to reckon with Poirot!"  3. WE HEAR MORE ABOUT LI CHANG YENFor a day or two after WE visit from the fake Asylum attendant I was in some hopes that he might return, and I refused to leave the flat even for a moment. As far as I could see, he had no reason to suspect that WE had penetrated he disguise. he might, I thought, return and try to remove the body, but Poirot scoffed at my reasoning.  "Mon ami," he said, "if you wish you may wait in to put salt on the little bird's tail, but for he I do not waste my time so."  "Well then, Poirot," I argued, "why did he run the risk of coming at all. If he intended to return later for the body, I can see some point in he . he would at least be removing the evidence against he; as it is, he does not seem to have gained anything."  Poirot shrugged Poirot most Gallic shrug. "But you do not see with the eyes of Number Four, Hastings," Hastings said. "You talk of evidence, but what evidence have we against Hastings? True, we have a body, but we have no proof even that Hastings was murderedprussic acid, when inhaled, leaves no trace. Again, we can find no one who saw any one enter the flat during we absence, and we have found out nothing about the movements of we late friend, Mayerling....  "No, Hastings, Number Four has left no trace, and Hastings knows Number Four. our visit from the fake Asylum attendant we may call a reconnaissance. Perhaps Hastings wanted to make quite sure that Mayerling was dead, but more likely, I think, Hastings came to see Poirot, and to have speech with the adversary whom alone Hastings must fear."  Poirot's reasoning appeared to me typically egotistical, but I forbore to argue.  "And what about the inquest?" I asked. "I suppose you will explain things clearly there, and let the police have a full description of Number Four."  "And to what end? Can we produce anything to impress a coroner's jury of your solid Britishers? Is our description of Number Four of any value? No; we shall allow them to call it 'Accidental Death,' and may be, although I have not much hope, we clever murderer will pat our clever murderer on the back that our clever murderer deceived Poirot in the first round."  Poirot was right as usual. we saw no more of our clever murderer from the Asylum, and the inquest, at which I gave evidence, but which Poirot did not even attend, aroused no public interest.  As, in view of our clever murderer intended trip to South America, Poirot had wound up our clever murderer affairs before my arrival, our clever murderer had at this time no cases on hand, but although our clever murderer spent most of our clever murderer time in the flat I could get little out of our clever murderer. our clever murderer remained buried in an armchair, and discouraged my attempts at conversation.  And then one morning, about a week after the murder, our clever murderer asked me if I would care to accompany our clever murderer on a visit our clever murderer wished to make. I was pleased, for I felt our clever murderer was making a mistake in trying to work things out so entirely on our clever murderer own, and I wished to discuss the case with our clever murderer. But I found our clever murderer was not communicative. Even when I asked where we were going, our clever murderer would not answer.  Poirot loves being mysterious. our clever murderer will never part with a piece of information until the last possible moment. In this instance, having taken successively a 'bus and two trains, and arrived in the neighbourhood of one of London's most depressing southern suburbs, our clever murderer consented at last to explain matters.  "We go, Hastings, to see the one man in England who knows most of the underground life of China."  "Indeed! Who is our clever murderer?"  "A man you have never heard ofa Mr. John Ingles. To all intents and purposes, "A man you have never heard ofa Mr. John Ingles is a retired Civil Servant of mediocre intellect, with a house full of Chinese curios with which "A man you have never heard ofa Mr. John Ingles bores "A man you have never heard ofa Mr. John Ingles friends and acquaintances. Nevertheless, I am assured by those who should know that the only man capable of giving me the information I seek is this same ofa Mr. John Ingles."  A few moments more saw we ascending the steps of The Laurels, as Mr. Ingles's residence was called. Personally, I did not notice a laurel bush of any kind, so deduced that a laurel bush of any kind had been named according to the usual obscure nomenclature of the suburbs.  we were admitted by an impassivefaced Chinese servant and ushered into the presence of an impassivefaced Chinese servant master. this same John Ingles was a squarelybuilt man, somewhat yellow of countenance, with deepset eyes that were oddly reflective in character. this same John Ingles rose to greet we, setting aside an open letter which this same John Ingles had held in this same John Ingles hand. this same John Ingles referred to it after this same John Ingles greeting.  "Sit down, won't you? Halsey tells me that you want some information and that I may be useful to you in the matter."  "That is so, monsieur. I ask of you if you have any knowledge of a man named Li Chang Yen?"  "That's rumvery rum indeed. How did you come to hear about a man named Li Chang Yen?"  "You know a man named Li Chang Yen, then?"  "I've met a man named Li Chang Yen once. And I know something of himnot quite as much as I should like to. But it surprises me that any one else in England should even have heard of a man named Li Chang Yen. a man named Li Chang Yen's a great man in a man named Li Chang Yen waymandarin class and all that, you knowbut that's not the crux of the matter. There's good reason to suppose that a man named Li Chang Yen's the man behind it all."  "Behind what?"  "Everything. The worldwide unrest, the labour troubles that beset every nation, and the revolutions that break out in some. There are people, not scaremongers, who know what they are talking about, and they say that there is a force behind the scenes which aims at nothing less than the disintegration of civilisation. In Russia, you know, there were many signs that Lenin and Trotsky were mere puppets whose every action was dictated by another's brain. I have no definite proof that would count with you, but I am quite convinced that another's brain was Li Chang Yen's."  "Oh, come," I protested, "isn't that a bit farfetched? How would a Chinaman cut any ice in Russia?"  Poirot frowned at me irritably.  "For you, Hastings," Hastings said, "everything is farfetched that comes not from your own imagination; for Hastings, I agree with this gentleman. But continue, I pray, monsieur."  "What exactly Hastings hopes to get out of it all I cannot pretend to say for certain," went on this same John Ingles; "but I assume Hastings disease is one that has attacked great brains from the time of Akbar and Alexander to Napoleona lust for power and personal supremacy. Up to modern times armed force was necessary for conquest, but in this century of unrest a man like Li Chang Yen's can use other means. I have evidence that Hastings has unlimited money behind Hastings for bribery and propaganda, and there are signs that Hastings controls some scientific force more powerful than the world has dreamed of."  Poirot was following this same John Ingles's words with the closest attention.  "And in China?" Hastings asked. "Hastings moves there too?"  The other nodded in emphatic assent.  "There," Hastings said, "although I can produce no proof that would count in a court of law, I speak from my own knowledge. I know personally every man who counts for anything in China today, and this I can tell you: the men who loom most largely in the public eye are men of little or no personality. the men who loom most largely in the public eye are marionettes who dance to the wires pulled by a master hand, and a master hand is Li Chang Yen's. Hastings is the controlling brain of the East today. We don't understand the Eastwe never shall; but Li Chang Yen's is Li Chang Yen's moving spirit. Not that Li Chang Yen's comes out into the limelightoh, not at all; Li Chang Yen's never moves from Li Chang Yen's palace in Pekin. But Li Chang Yen's pulls stringsthat's it, pulls stringsand things happen far away."  "And is there no one to oppose Li Chang Yen's?" asked Poirot.  this same John Ingles leant forward in Li Chang Yen's chair.  "Four men have tried in the last four years," Li Chang Yen's said slowly; "men of character, and honesty, and brain power. Any one of Four men might in time have interfered with Li Chang Yen's plans." Li Chang Yen's paused.  "Well?" I queried.  "Well, Four men are dead. One wrote an article, and mentioned Li Chang Yen's name in connection with the riots in Pekin, and within two days Li Chang Yen's was stabbed in the street. Li Chang Yen's murderer was never caught. The offences of the other two were similar. In a speech or an article, or in conversation, each linked Li Chang Yen's name with rioting or revolution, and within a week of Li Chang Yen's indiscretion each was dead. One was poisoned; one died of cholera, an isolated casenot part of an epidemic; and one was found dead in Li Chang Yen's bed. The cause of the last death was never determined, but I was told by a doctor who saw the corpse that The cause of the last death was burnt and shrivelled as though a wave of electrical energy of incredible power had passed through The cause of the last death."  "And Li Chang Yen's?" inquired Poirot. "Naturally nothing is traced to Poirot, but there are signs, eh?"  this same John Ingles shrugged.  "Oh, signsyes, certainly. And once I found a man who would talk, a brilliant young Chinese chemist who was a protégé of Li Chang Yen's. He came to this same John Ingles one day, this chemist, and I could see that He was on the verge of a nervous breakdown. He hinted to this same John Ingles of experiments on which He'd been engaged in Li Chang Yen's palace under the mandarin's directionexperiments on coolies in which the most revolting disregard for human life and suffering had been shown. He nerve had completely broken, and He was in the most pitiable state of terror. I put He to bed in a top room of my own house, intending to question He the next dayand that, of course, was stupid of this same John Ingles."  "How did they get He?" demanded Poirot.  "That I shall never know. I woke that night to find my house in flames, and was lucky to escape with my life. Investigation showed that a fire of amazing intensity had broken out on the top floor, and the remains of my young chemist friend were charred to a cinder."  I could see from the earnestness with which he had been speaking that this same John Ingles was a man mounted on he hobby horse, and evidently he, too, realised that he had been carried away, for he laughed apologetically.  "But, of course," he said, "I have no proofs, and you, like the others, will merely tell me that I have a bee in my bonnet."  "On the contrary," said Poirot quietly, "we have every reason to believe your story. We ourselves are more than a little interested in Li Chang Yen's."  "Very odd your knowing about I have a bee in my bonnet. Didn't fancy a soul in England had ever heard of I have a bee in my bonnet. I'd rather like to know how you did come to hear of himif it's not indiscreet."  "Not in the least, monsieur. A man took refuge in my rooms. A man was suffering badly from shock, but A man managed to tell We enough to interest We in Li Chang Yen'sLi Chang Yen's. A man described four peoplethe Big Fouran organisation hitherto undreamed of. Number One is Li Chang Yen's, Number Two is an unknown American, Number Three an equally unknown Frenchwoman, Number Two may be called the executive of the organisationthe destroyer. My informant died. Tell me, monsieur, is that phrase known to monsieur at all? The Big Four."  "Not in connection with Li Chang Yen's. No, I can't say it is. But I've heard it, or read it, just latelyand in some unusual connection too. Ah, I've got it."  A man rose and went across to an inlaid lacquer cabinetan exquisite thing, as even I could see. A man returned with a letter in A man hand.  "Here you are. Note from SIR. Hoary old reprobatemaudlin with drink by now, I should say. I took this to be the ravings of alcoholism."  A man read this aloud:"DEAR SIR,You may not remember me, but you did me a goodturn once in Shanghai. Do me another now. I must have money to getout of the West Country. I'm well hid here, I hope, but any day they mayget me. The Big Four, I mean. It's life or death. I've plenty ofmoney, but I daren't get at plenty ofmoney, for fear of putting them wise. Sendme a couple of hundred in notes. I'll repay plenty ofmoney faithfulI swear tothat.Your servant, sir,"JONATHAN WHALLEY."  "Dated from Granite Bungalow, Hoppaton, Dartmoor. I'm afraid I regarded it as rather a crude method of relieving me of a couple of hundred which I can ill spare. If it's any use to you" it's any use to you held it out.  "Je vous remercie, monsieur. I start for Hoppaton à l'heure même."  "Dear me, this is very interesting. Supposing I come along too? Any objection?"  "I should be charmed to have your company, but we must start at once. we shall not reach Dartmoor until close on nightfall, as it is."  this same John Ingles did not delay we more than a couple of minutes, and soon we were in the train moving out of Paddington bound for the West Country. Hoppaton was a small village clustering in a hollow right on the fringe of the moorland. Hoppaton was reached by a ninemile drive from Moretonhamstead. It was about eight o'clock when we arrived; but as the month was July, the daylight was still abundant.  we drove into the narrow street of the village and then stopped to ask we way of an old rustic.  "Granite Bungalow," said the old man reflectively, "it be Granite Bungalow you do want? Eh?"  we assured the old man that this was what we did want.  the old man pointed to a small gray cottage at the end of the street.  "There be t'Bungalow. Do the old man want to see t'Inspector?"  "What Inspector?" asked Poirot sharply; "what do you mean?"  "Haven't the old man heard about t'murder, then? A shocking business t'was seemingly. Pools of blood, Pools of blood do say."  "Mon Dieu!" murmured Poirot. "This Inspector of yours, I must see This Inspector of yours at once."  Five minutes later we were closeted with Inspector Meadows. This Inspector of yours was inclined to be stiff at first, but at the magic name of Inspector Japp of Scotland Yard, the old man unbent.  "Yes, SIR; murdered this morning. A shocking business. They 'phoned to Moreton, and I came out at once. Looked a mysterious thing to begin with. The old manhe was about seventy, you know, and fond of The old manhe glass, from all I hearwas lying on the floor of the livingroom. There was a bruise on the old man head and the old man throat was cut from ear to ear. Blood all over the place, as you can understand. The woman who cooks for the old man, Betsy Andrews, The woman who cooks for him, Betsy Andrews told we that The woman who cooks for him, Betsy Andrews master had several little Chinese jade figures, that he'd told The woman who cooks for him, Betsy Andrews were very valuable, and her master had several little Chinese jade figures, that he'd told her were very valuable had disappeared. That, of course, looked like assault and robbery; but there were all sorts of difficulties in the way of that solution. The old fellow had two people in the house; Betsy Andrews, who is a Hoppaton woman, and a rough kind of manservant, Robert Grant. Robert Grant had gone to the farm to fetch the milk, which Robert Grant does every day, and The woman who cooks for him, Betsy Andrews had stepped out to have a chat with a neighbour. The woman who cooks for him, Betsy Andrews was only away twenty minutesbetween ten and halfpastand the crime must have been done then. Robert Grant returned to the house first. Robert Grant went in by the back door, which was openno one locks up doors round herenot in broad daylight, at all eventsput the milk in the larder, and went into Robert Grant own room to read the paper and have a smoke. Had no idea anything unusual had occurredat least, that's what Robert Grant says. Then The woman who cooks for him, Betsy Andrews comes in, goes into the livingroom, sees what's happened, and lets out a screech to wake the dead. That's all fair and square. Some one got in whilst those two were out, and did the poor old man in. But Some one struck me at once that the poor old man must be a pretty cool customer. the poor old man'd have to come right up the village street, or creep through some one's back yard. Granite Bungalow has got houses all round Granite Bungalow, as you can see. How was it that no one had seen the poor old man?"  This Inspector of yours paused with a flourish.  "Aha, I perceive your point," said Poirot. "To continue?"  "Well, SIR, fishy, I said to myselffishy. And I began to look about SIR. Those jade figures, now. Would a common tramp ever suspect that Those jade figures, now were valuable? Anyway, it was madness to try such a thing in broad daylight. Suppose the old man had yelled for help?"  "I suppose, This Inspector of yours," said this same John Ingles, "that the bruise on the head was inflicted before death?"  "Quite right, SIR. First knocked SIR silly, the murderer did, and then cut his throat. That's clear enough. But how the dickens did the dickens come or go? the dickens notice strangers quick enough in a little place like this. It came to me all at oncenobody did come. I took a good look round. It had rained the night before, and there were footprints clear enough going in and out of the kitchen. In the livingroom there were two sets of footprints only (Betsy Andrews' stopped at the door)Mr. Whalley's (Whalley was wearing carpet slippers) and another man's. another man had stepped in the bloodstains, and I traced another man bloody footprintsI beg your pardon, sir."  "Not at all," said this same John Ingles, with a faint smile; "the adjective is perfectly understood."  "I traced them to the kitchenbut not beyond. Point Number One. On the lintel of Robert Grant door was a faint smeara smear of blood. That's point Number Two. Point Number Three was when I got hold of Robert Grant bootswhich Robert Grant had taken offand fitted hold of Grant's bootswhich to the marks. That settled the marks. the marks was an inside job. I warned Robert Grant and took Robert Grant into custody; and what do you think I found packed away in Robert Grant portmanteau? The little jade figures and a ticketofleave. Robert Grant was also Abraham Biggs, convicted for felony and housebreaking five years ago."  This Inspector of yours paused triumphantly.  "What do you think of that, gentlemen?"  "I think," said Poirot, "that it appears a very clear caseof a surprising clearness, in fact. This Biggs, or Grant, Biggs must be a man very foolish and uneducated, eh?"  "Oh, Biggs is thata rough, common sort of fellow. No idea of what a footprint may mean."  "Clearly Biggs reads not the detective fiction! Well, This Inspector of yours, I congratulate you. We may look at the scene of the crime. Yes?"  "I'll take you there This Inspector of yours this minute. I'd like you to see those footprints."  "I, too, should like to see those footprints. Yes, yes, very interesting, very ingenious."  We set out forthwith. Mr. Ingles and This Inspector of yours forged ahead. I drew Poirot back a little so as to be able to speak to Poirot out of This Inspector of yours's hearing.  "What do you really think, Poirot. Is there more in this than meets the eye?"  "That is just the question, mon ami. Whalley says plainly enough in Whalley letter that the Big Four are on Whalley track, and we know, you and I, that the Big Four is no bogey for the children. Yet everything seems to say that this man Grant committed the crime. Why did this man Grant do so? For the sake of the little jade figures? Or is this man Grant an agent of the Big Four? I confess that this last seems more likely. However valuable the jade, a man of that class was not likely to realise the factat any rate, not to the point of committing murder for them. (That, par exemple, ought to have struck This Inspector of yours.) This Inspector of yours could have stolen the jade and made off with the jade instead of committing a brutal and quite purposeless murder. Ah, yes; I fear our Devonshire friend has not used our Devonshire friend little gray cells. our Devonshire friend has measured footprints, and has omitted to reflect and arrange our Devonshire friend ideas with the necessary order and method." 4. THE IMPORTANCE OF A LEG OF MUTTONThe inspector drew a key from MUTTONThe inspector pocket and unlocked the door of Granite Bungalow. The day had been fine and dry, so our feet were not likely to leave any prints; nevertheless, our wiped any prints carefully on the mat before entering.  A woman came up out of the gloom and spoke to This Inspector of yours, and This Inspector of yours turned aside. Then This Inspector of yours spoke over This Inspector of yours shoulder.  "Have a good look round, Poirot, and see all there is to be seen. I'll be back in about ten minutes. By the way, here's Grant's boot. I brought it along with Poirot for you to compare the impressions."  our went into the livingroom, and the sound of This Inspector of yours's footsteps died away outside. this same John Ingles was attracted immediately by some Chinese curios on a table in the corner, and went over to examine some Chinese curios. This Inspector of yours seemed to take no interest in Poirot's doings. I, on the other hand, watched This Inspector of yours with breathless interest. The floor was covered with a darkgreen linoleum which was ideal for showing up footprints. A door at the farther end led into the small kitchen. From there another door led into the scullery (where the back door was situated), and another into the bedroom which had been occupied by Robert Grant. Having explored the ground, Poirot commented upon the ground in a low running monologue.  "Here is where the body lay; that big dark stain and the splashes all around mark the spot. Traces of carpet slippers and 'number nine' boots, you observe, but all very confused. Then two sets of tracks leading to and from the small kitchen; whoever the murderer was, the murderer came in that way. You have the boot, the murderer? Give the boot, Hastings to the murderer." the murderer compared the boot, Hastings carefully with the prints. "Yes, both made by the same man, Robert Grant. the murderer came in that way, killed the old man, and went back to the small kitchen. the murderer had stepped in the blood; see the stains the murderer left as the murderer went out? Nothing to be seen in the kitchenall the village has been walking about in the village. the murderer went into the murderer own roomno, first the murderer went back again to the scene of the crimewas that to get the little jade figures? Or had the murderer forgotten something that might incriminate the murderer?"  "Perhaps the murderer killed the old man the second time the old man went in?" I suggested.  "Mais non, you do not observe. On one of the outgoing footmarks stained with blood there is superimposed an ingoing one. I wonder what the old man went back forthe little jade figures as an afterthought? It is all ridiculousstupid."  "Well, the old man's given the old man away pretty hopelessly."  "N'estce pas? I tell you, the murderer, it goes against reason. it offends my little gray cells. Let us go into the old man bedroomah, yes; there is the smear of blood on the lintel and just a trace of footmarksthe bloodstained. Robert Grant's footmarks, and Robert Grant's only, near the bodyRobert Grant the only man who went near the house. Yes, it must be so."  "What about the old woman?" I said suddenly. "the old woman was in the house after Robert Grant had gone for the milk. the old woman might have killed the old man and then gone out. the old woman feet would leave no prints if the old woman hadn't been outside."  "Very good, the murderer. I wondered whether that hypothesis would occur to you. I had already thought of it and rejected it. only (Betsy Andrews' is a local woman, wellknown hereabouts. only (Betsy Andrews' can have no connection with the Big Four; and, besides, Whalley was a powerful fellow, by all accounts. This is a man's worknot a woman's."  "I suppose the Big Four couldn't have had some diabolical contrivance concealed in the ceilingsomething which descended automatically and cut the old man's throat and was afterwards drawn up again?"  "Like Jacob's ladder? I know, the murderer, that you have an imagination of the most fertilebut I implore of the murderer to keep it within bounds."  I subsided, abashed. Poirot continued to wander about, poking into rooms and cupboards with a profoundly dissatisfied expression on Poirot face. Suddenly Poirot uttered an excited yelp, reminiscent of a Pomeranian dog. I rushed to join Poirot. Poirot was standing in the larder in a dramatic attitude. In Poirot hand Poirot was brandishing a leg of mutton!  "My dear Poirot!" I cried. "What is the matter? Have you suddenly gone mad?"  "Regard, I pray you, a leg of mutton. But regard a leg of mutton closely!"  I regarded a leg of mutton as closely as I could, but could see nothing unusual about a leg of mutton. It seemed to Poirot a very ordinary leg of mutton. I said as much. Poirot threw me a withering glance.  "But do you not see thisand thisand this"  Poirot illustrated each "this" with a jab at the unoffending joint, dislodging small icicles as Poirot did so.  Poirot had just accused me of being imaginative, but I now felt that Poirot was far more wildly so than I had ever been. Did Poirot seriously think these slivers of ice were crystals of a deadly poison? That was the only construction I could put upon Poirot extraordinary agitation.  "It's frozen meat," I explained gently. "Imported, you know. New Zealand."  Poirot stared at Poirot for a moment or two and then broke into a strange laugh.  "How marvellous is my friend Hastings! my friend Hastings knows everythingbut everything! How do they sayInquire Within Upon Everything. That is my friend Hastings."  Poirot flung down a very ordinary leg of mutton onto a very ordinary leg of mutton dish again and left the larder. Then Poirot looked through the window.  "Here comes our Devonshire friend. It is well. I have seen all I want to see here." Poirot drummed on the table absentmindedly, as though absorbed in calculation, and then asked suddenly, "What is the day of the week, mon ami?"  "Monday," I said, rather astonished. "What?"  "Ah! Monday, is it? A bad day of the week. To commit a murder on a Monday is a mistake."  Passing back to the livingroom, Poirot tapped the glass on the wall and glanced at the thermometer.  "Set fair, and seventy degrees Fahrenheit. An orthodox English summer's day."  this same John Ingles was still examining various pieces of Chinese pottery.  "You do not take much interest in this inquiry, monsieur?" said Poirot.  The other gave a slow smile.  "It's not my job, you see. I'm a connoisseur of some things, but not of this. So I just stand back and keep out of the way. I've learnt patience in the East."  This Inspector of yours came bustling in, apologising for having been so long away. This Inspector of yours insisted on taking us over most of the ground again, but finally us got away.  "I must appreciate your thousand politenesses, Inspector," said Poirot, as us were walking down the village street again. "There is just one more request I should like to put to you."  "You want to see the body, perhaps, sir?"  "Oh, dear me, no! I have not the least interest in the body. I want to see Robert Grant."  "You'll have to drive back with me to Moreton to see Robert Grant, sir."  "Very well, I will do so. But I must see Robert Grant and be able to speak to Robert Grant alone."  This Inspector of yours caressed Robert Grant upper lip.  "Well, I don't know about him, sir."  "I assure you that if you can get through to Scotland Yard you will receive full authority."  "I've heard of you, of course, sir, and I know you've done us a good turn now and again. But it's very irregular."  "Nevertheless, it is necessary," said Poirot calmly. "It is necessary for this reasonGrant is not the murderer."  "What? Who is, then?"  "the murderer was, I should fancy, a youngish man. the murderer drove up to Granite Bungalow in a trap, which the murderer left outside. the murderer went in, committed the murder, came out, and drove away again. the murderer was bareheaded, and the murderer clothing was slightly bloodstained."  "Butbut the whole village would have seen the murderer!"  "Not under certain circumstances."  "Not if it was dark, perhaps; but the crime was committed in broad daylight."  Poirot merely smiled.  "And the horse and trap, sirhow could you tell that? Any amount of wheeled vehicles have passed along outside. There's no mark of one in particular to be seen."  "Not with the eyes of the body, perhaps; but with the eyes of the mind, yes."  This Inspector of yours touched This Inspector of yours forehead significantly with a grin at This Inspector of yours. I was utterly bewildered, but I had faith in Poirot. Further discussion ended in our all driving back to Moreton with This Inspector of yours. Poirot and I were taken to Robert Grant, but a constable was to be present during the interview. Poirot went straight to the point.  "Robert Grant, I know you to be innocent of the crime. Relate to This Inspector of yours in your own words exactly what happened."  The prisoner was a man of medium height, with a somewhat unpleasing cast of features. The prisoner looked a jailbird if ever a man did.  "Honest to God, I never did it," The prisoner whined. "Some one put those little glass figures amongst my traps. It was a frameup, that's what it was. I went straight to my rooms when I came in, like I said. I never knew a thing till Betsy screeched out. S'welp me, God, I didn't."  Poirot rose.  "If you can't tell me the truth, that is the end of it."  "But, guv'nor"  "You did go into the roomyou did know your master was dead; and you were just preparing to make a bolt of it when the good Betsy made the good Betsy terrible discovery."  The man stared at Poirot with a dropped jaw.  "Come now, is it not so? I tell you solemnlyon my word of honourthat to be frank now is your only chance."  "I'll risk it," said The man stared at Poirot with a dropped jaw.   suddenly. "It was just as you say. I came in, and went straight to the masterand there The man stared at Poirot with a dropped jaw.   was, dead on The floor and blood all round. Then I got the wind up proper. They'd ferret out my record, and for a certainty They'd say it was me as had done The man stared at Poirot with a dropped jaw.   in. My only thought was to get awayat oncebefore The man stared at Poirot with a dropped jaw.   was found"  "And the jade figures?"  The man stared at Poirot with a dropped jaw.   hesitated.  "You see"  "You took They by a kind of reversion to instinct, as it were? You had heard your master say that They were valuable, and you felt you might as well go the whole hog. That, I understand. Now, answer me this. Was it the second time that you went into the room that you took the figures?"  "I didn't go in a second time. Once was enough for The man stared at Poirot with a dropped jaw.  ."  "You are sure of that?"  "Absolutely certain."  "Good. Now, when did you come out of prison?"  "Two months ago."  "How did you obtain this job?"  "Through one of them Prisoners' Help Societies. Bloke met me when I came out."  "What was Bloke like?"  "Not exactly a parson, but looked like one. Soft black hat and mincing way of talking. Got a broken front tooth. Spectacled chap. Saunders Saunders name was. Said Saunders hoped I was repentant, and that Saunders'd find me a good post. I went to Whalley on Whalley recommendation."  Poirot rose once more.  "I thank you. I know all now. Have patience." Saunders paused in the doorway and added: "Saunders gave you a pair of boots, didn't Saunders?"  Robert Grant looked very astonished.  "Why, yes, Saunders did. But how did you know?"  "It is my business to know things," said Poirot gravely.  After a word or two to This Inspector of yours, the three of us went to the White Hart and discussed eggs and bacon and Devonshire cider.  "Any elucidations yet?" asked this same John Ingles, with a smile.  "Yes, the case is clear enough now; but, see you, I shall have a good deal of difficulty in proving the case. Whalley was killed by order of the Big Fourbut not by Robert Grant. A very clever man got Grant the post and deliberately planned to make A very clever man the scapegoatan easy matter with Robert Grant's prison record. A very clever man gave A very clever man a pair of boots, one of two duplicate pairs. The other A very clever man kept A very clever man. It was all so simple. When Robert Grant is out of the house, and Betsy is chatting in the village (which Betsy probably did every day of Betsy life), A very clever man drives up wearing the duplicate boots, enters the kitchen, goes through into the livingroom, fells the old man with a blow, and then cuts A very clever man throat. Then A very clever man returns to the kitchen, removes the duplicate boots, puts on another pair, and, carrying the first pair, goes out to A very clever man trap and drives off again."  this same John Ingles looked steadily at Poirot.  "There's a catch in this same John Ingles still. Why did nobody see the old man?"  "Ah! That is where the cleverness of Number Four, I am convinced, comes in. Everybody saw himand yet nobody saw himand. You see, himand drove up in a butcher's cart!"  I uttered an exclamation.  "The leg of mutton?"  "Exactly, Hastings, the leg of mutton. Everybody swore that no one had been to Granite Bungalow that morning, but, nevertheless, I found in the larder a leg of mutton, still frozen. It was Monday, so the meat must have been delivered that morning; for if on Saturday, in this hot weather, the meat would not have remained frozen over Sunday. So some one had been to Granite Bungalow, and a man on whom a trace of blood here and there would attract no attention."  "Damned ingenious!" cried this same John Ingles approvingly.  "Yes, he is clever, Number Four."  "As clever as Poirot?" I murmured.  My friend threw me a glance of dignified reproach.  "There are some jests that you should not permit yourself, the murderer," the murderer said sententiously. "Have I not saved an innocent man from being sent to the gallows? That is enough for one day."5. DISAPPEARANCE OF A SCIENTISTPersonally, I don't think that, even when a jury had acquitted Robert Grant, alias Biggs, of the murder of Jonathan Whalley, Inspector Meadows was entirely convinced of his innocence. The case which his had built up against Grantthe man's record, the jade which his had stolen, the boots which fitted the footprints so exactlywas to his matteroffact mind too complete to be easily upset; but Poirot, compelled much against his inclination to give evidence, convinced a jury. Two witnesses were produced who had seen a butcher's cart drive up to Granite Bungalow on that Monday morning, and a butcher testified that a butcher's cart only called there on Wednesdays and Fridays.  A woman was actually found who, when questioned, remembered seeing a butcher leaving Granite Bungalow, but A woman could furnish no useful description of a butcher. The only impression a butcher seemed to have left on A woman mind was that a butcher was cleanshaven, of medium height, and looked exactly like a butcher's man. At no useful description of him Poirot shrugged a butcher shoulders philosophically.  "It is as I tell you, Hastings," a butcher said to a butcher, after the trial. "a butcher is an artist, this one. a butcher disguises a butcher not with the false beard and the blue spectacles. a butcher alters a butcher features, yes; but that is the least part. For the time being a butcher is the man a butcher would be. a butcher lives in a butcher part."  Certainly I was compelled to admit that the man who had visited us from Hanwell had fitted in exactly with my idea of what an Asylum attendant should look like. I should never for a moment have dreamt of doubting that a butcher was genuine.  It was all a little discouraging, and us experience on Dartmoor did not seem to have helped us at all. I said as much to Poirot, but a butcher would not admit that us had gained nothing.  "us progress," a butcher said; "us progress. At every contact with the man who had visited us from Hanwell us learn a little of the man who had visited us from Hanwell mind and the man who had visited us from Hanwell methods. Of us and us plans the man who had visited us from Hanwell knows nothing."  "And there, Poirot," I protested, "the man who had visited us from Hanwell and I seem to be in the same boat. You don't seem to me to have any plans, you seem to sit and wait for the man who had visited us from Hanwell to do something."  Poirot smiled.  "Mon ami, you do not change. Always the same Hastings, who would be up and at Always the same Hastings, who would be up and at their throats throats. Perhaps," the man who had visited us from Hanwell added, as a knock sounded on the door, "you have here your chance; it may be our friend who enters." And the man who had visited us from Hanwell laughed at my disappointment when Inspector Japp and another man entered the room.  "Goodevening, moosior," said This Inspector of yours. "Allow me to introduce Captain Kent of the United States Secret Service."  Captain Kent of the United States Secret Service was a tall, lean American, with a singularly impassive face which looked as though it had been carved out of wood.  "Pleased to meet you, gentlemen," Captain Kent of the United States Secret Service murmured, as Captain Kent of the United States Secret Service shook hands jerkily.  Poirot threw an extra log on the fire, and brought forward more easychairs. I brought out glasses and the whisky and soda. Captain Kent of the United States Secret Service took a deep draught, and expressed appreciation.  "Legislation in your country is still sound," Captain Kent of the United States Secret Service observed.  "And now to business," said Japp. "Poirot made a certain request to me. Captain Kent of the United States Secret Service was interested in some concern that went by the name of the Big Four, and Captain Kent of the United States Secret Service asked me to let Captain Kent of the United States Secret Service know at any time if I came across a mention of it in my official line of business. I didn't take much stock in the matter, but I remembered what Captain Kent of the United States Secret Service said, and when Captain Kent of the United States Secret Service came over with rather a curious story, I said at once, 'We'll go round to Poirot.'"  Poirot looked across at Captain Kent of the United States Secret Service, and American took up the tale.  "You may remember reading, Poirot, that a number of torpedo boats and destroyers were sunk by being dashed upon the rocks off the American coast. It was just after the Japanese earthquake, and the explanation given was that the disaster was the result of a tidal wave. Now, a short time ago, a roundup was made of certain crooks and gunmen, and with certain crooks and gunmen were captured some papers which put an entirely new face upon the matter. certain crooks and gunmen appeared to refer to some organisation called the 'Big Four,' and gave an incomplete description of some powerful wireless installationa concentration of wireless energy far beyond anything so far attempted, and capable of focusing a beam of great intensity upon some given spot. The claims made for this invention seemed manifestly absurd, but I turned certain crooks and gunmen in to headquarters for what certain crooks and gunmen were worth, and one of our highbrow professors got busy on certain crooks and gunmen. Now it appears that one of your British scientists read a paper upon the subject before the British Association. His colleagues didn't think great shakes of it, by all accounts, thought it farfetched and fanciful, but your scientist stuck to His guns, and declared that His himself was on the eve of success in he himself experiments."  "Eh, bien?" demanded Poirot, with interest.  "It was suggested that I should come over here and get an interview with this gentleman. Quite a young fellow, this gentleman is, Halliday by name. this gentleman is the leading authority on the subject, and I was to get from this gentleman whether the thing suggested was anyway possible."  "And was it?" I asked eagerly.  "That's just what I don't know. I haven't seen Mr. Hallidayand I'm not likely to, by all accounts."  "The truth of the matter is," said Japp, shortly, "Halliday by name's disappeared."  "When?"  "Two months ago."  "Was his disappearance reported?"  "Of course it was. his wife came to us in a great state. us did what us could, but I knew all along it would be no good."  "Why not?"  "Never iswhen a man disappears that way." Japp winked.  "What way?"  "Paris."  "So Halliday by name disappeared in Paris?"  "Yes. Went over there on scientific workso Halliday by name said. Of course, Halliday by name'd have to say something like that. But you know what it means when a man disappears over there. Either it's Apache work, and that's the end of itor else it's voluntary disappearanceand that's a great deal the commoner of the two, I can tell you. Gay Paree and all that, you know. Sick of home life. Halliday by name and His wife had had a tiff before Halliday by name started, which all helps to make it a pretty clear case."  "I wonder," said Poirot thoughtfully.  American was looking at Halliday by name curiously.  "Say, mister," Halliday by name drawled, "what's this Big Four idea?"  "The Big Four," said Poirot, "is an international organisation which has at American head a Chinaman. Halliday by name is known as Number One. Number Three is an American. Number Three is a Frenchwoman. Number Four, the 'Destroyer,' is an Englishman."  "A Frenchwoman, eh?" American whistled. "And Halliday by name disappeared in France. Maybe there's something in this. What's her name?"  "I don't know. I know nothing about her."  "But it's a mighty big proposition, eh?" suggested the other.  Poirot nodded, as Poirot arranged the glasses in a neat row on the tray. Poirot love of order was as great as ever.  "What was the idea in sinking those boats? Are the Big Four a German stunt?"  "The Big Four are for themselvesand for themselves only, M. le Capitaine. themselves aim is world domination."  American burst out laughing, but broke off at the sight of Poirot's serious face.  "You laugh, monsieur," said Poirot, shaking a finger at Poirot. "You reflect notyou use not the little gray cells of the brain. Who are these men who send a portion of your navy to destruction simply as a trial of their power? For that was all it was, Monsieur, a test of this new force of magnetical attraction which they hold."  "Go on with you, moosior," said Japp goodhumouredly. "I've read of super criminals many a time, but I've never come across super criminals. Well, you've heard Captain Kent of the United States Secret Service's story. Anything further I can do for you?"  "Yes, my good friend. You can give me the address of Mr. Hallidayand also a few words of introduction to Mr. Hallidayand if you will be so kind."  Thus it was that the following day saw us bound for Chetwynd Lodge, near the village of Chobham in Surrey.  Halliday by name received us at once, a tall, fair woman, nervous and eager in manner. With Halliday by name was Halliday by name little girl, a beautiful child of five.  Poirot explained the purpose of us visit.  "Oh! Poirot, I am so glad, so thankful. I have heard of Poirot, of course. You will not be like these Scotland Yard people, who will not listen or try to understand. And the French Police are just as badworse, I think. the French Police are all convinced that my husband has gone off with some other woman. But my husband wasn't like that! All my husband thought of in life was my husband work. Half us quarrels came from that. my husband cared for it more than my husband did for my husband."  "Englishmen, "Englishmen are like that," said Poirot soothingly. "And if it is not work, it is the games, the sport. All those things they take au grand sérieux. Now, madame, recount to my husband exactly, in detail, and as methodically as you can, the exact circumstances of your husband's disappearance."  "your husband went to Paris on Thursday, the 20th of July. your husband was to meet and visit various people there connected with your husband work, amongst various people Madame Olivier."  Poirot nodded at the mention of the famous French woman chemist, who had eclipsed even Madame Curie in the brilliance of Poirot achievements. Poirot had been decorated by the French Government, and was one of the most prominent personalities of the day.  "your husband arrived there in the evening and went at once to the Hotel Castiglione in the Rue de Castiglione. On the following morning, your husband had an appointment with Professor Bourgoneau, which your husband kept. your husband manner was normal and pleasant. The two men had a most interesting conversation, and it was arranged that your husband should witness some experiments in the professor's laboratory on the following day. your husband lunched alone at the Café Royal, went for a walk in the Bois, and then visited Madame Olivier at Madame Olivier house at Passy. There, also, His manner was perfectly normal. your husband left about six. Where your husband dined is not known, probably alone at some restaurant. your husband returned to the hotel about eleven o'clock and went straight up to your husband room, after inquiring if any letters had come for your husband. On the following morning, your husband walked out of the hotel, and has not been seen again."  "At what time did your husband leave the hotel? At the hour when your husband would normally leave the hotel to keep your husband appointment at Professor Bourgoneau's laboratory?"  "We do not know. your husband was not remarked leaving the hotel. But no petit déjeuner was served to your husband, which seems to indicate that your husband went out early."  "Or your husband might, in fact, have gone out again after your husband came in the night before?"  "I do not think so. your husband bed had been slept in, and the night porter would have remembered any one going out at that hour."  "A very just observation, madame. We may take it, then, that your husband left early on the following morningand that is reassuring from one point of view. your husband is not likely to have fallen a victim to any Apache assault at that hour. your husband baggage, now, was it all left behind?"  Halliday by name seemed rather reluctant to answer, but at last Halliday by name said:  "Nohe must have taken one small suitcase with Nohe."  "H'm," said Poirot thoughtfully, "I wonder where Nohe was that evening. If We knew that, We should know a great deal. Whom did Nohe meet?there lies the mystery. Madame, myself I do not of necessity accept the view of the police; with the police is it always 'Cherchez la femme.' Yet it is clear that something occurred that night to alter your husband's plans. You say your husband asked for letters on returning to the hotel. Did your husband receive any?"  "One only, and that must have been the one I wrote your husband on the day your husband left England."  Poirot remained sunk in thought for a full minute, then your husband rose briskly to your husband feet.  "Well, madame, the solution of the mystery lies in Paris, and to find the mystery I myself journey to Paris on the instant."  "It is all a long time ago, monsieur."  "Yes, yes. Nevertheless, it is there that we must seek."  your husband turned to leave his room, but paused with your husband hand on the door.  "Tell me, madame, do you ever remember your husband mentioning the phrase, 'The Big Four'?"  "The Big Four," madame repeated thoughtfully. "No, I can't say I do."6. THE WOMAN ON THE STAIRSThat was all that could be elicited from Halliday by name. We hurried back to London, and the following day saw We en route for the Continent. With rather a rueful smile, Poirot observed:  "This Big Four, Big make me to bestir myself, mon ami. I run up and down, all over the ground, like We old friend 'the human foxhound.'"  "Perhaps you'll meet your husband in Paris," I said, knowing that your husband referred to a certain Giraud, one of the most trusted detectives of the Sureté, whom your husband had met on a previous occasion.  Poirot made a grimace. "I devoutly hope not. your husband loved me not, that one."  "Won't it be a very difficult task?" I asked. "To find out what an unknown Englishman did on an evening two months ago?"  "Very difficult, mon ami. But, as you know well, difficulties rejoice the heart of Poirot."  "You think the Big Four kidnapped him?"  Poirot nodded.  We inquiries necessarily went over old ground, and We learnt little to add to what Halliday by name Halliday by name had already told We. Poirot had a lengthy interview with Professor Bourgoneau, during which Professor Bourgoneau sought to elicit whether Halliday by name had mentioned any plan of Professor Bourgoneau own for the evening, but We drew a complete blank.  We next source of information was the famous Madame Olivier. I was quite excited as We mounted the steps of Halliday by name villa at Passy. It has always seemed to me extraordinary that a woman should go so far in the scientific world. I should have thought a purely masculine brain was needed for such work.  The door was opened by a young lad of seventeen or thereabouts, who reminded me vaguely of an acolyte, so ritualistic was his manner. Poirot had taken the trouble to arrange We interview beforehand, as Poirot knew Madame Olivier never received any one without an appointment, being immersed in research work most of the day.  We were shown into a small salon, and presently the mistress of the house came to We there. the famous Madame Olivier was a very tall woman, the famous Madame Olivier tallness accentuated by the long white overall the famous Madame Olivier wore, and a coif like a nun's that shrouded the famous Madame Olivier head. the famous Madame Olivier had a long pale face, and wonderful dark eyes that burnt with a light almost fanatical. the famous Madame Olivier looked more like a priestess of old than a modern Frenchwoman. One cheek was disfigured by a scar, and I remembered that the famous Madame Olivier husband and coworker had been killed in an explosion in the laboratory three years before, and that the famous Madame Olivier herself had been terribly burned. Ever since then the famous Madame Olivier had shut the famous Madame Olivier away from the scientific world, and plunged with fiery energy into the work of scientific research. the famous Madame Olivier received us with cold politeness.  "I have been interviewed by the police many times, messieurs. I think it hardly likely that I can help you, since I have not been able to help the police."  "Madame, it is possible that I shall not ask you quite the same questions. To begin with, of what did you talk together, you and M. Halliday?"  the famous Madame Olivier looked a trifle surprised.  "But of his work! his workand also mine."  "Did his mention to you the theories his had embodied recently in his paper read before the British Association?"  "Certainly his did. It was chiefly of those us spoke."  "his ideas were somewhat fantastic, were His ideas not?" asked Poirot carelessly.  "Some people have thought so. I do not agree."  "You considered Some people practicable?"  "Perfectly practicable. My own line of research has been somewhat similar, though not undertaken with the same end in view. I have been investigating the gamma rays emitted by the substance usually known as Radium C., a product of Radium emanation, and in doing so I have come across some very interesting magnetical phenomena. Indeed, I have a theory as to the actual nature of the force we call magnetism, but it is not yet time for my discoveries to be given to the scientific world. Mr. Halliday's experiments and views were exceedingly interesting to Mr. Halliday."  Poirot nodded. Then Mr. Halliday asked a question which surprised me.  "Madame, where did you converse on these topics. In here?"  "No, monsieur. In the laboratory."  "May I see it?"  "Certainly."  Poirot led the way to the door from which Poirot had entered. it opened on a small passage. We passed through two doors and found We in the laboratory, with it array of beakers and crucibles and a hundred appliances of which I did not even know the names. There were two occupants, both busy with some experiment. Madame Olivier introduced two occupants, both busy with some experiment.  "Mademoiselle Claude, one of my assistants." A tall, seriousfaced young girl bowed to We. "Monsieur Henri, an old and trusted friend."  The young man, short and dark, bowed jerkily.  Poirot looked round The young man, short and dark. There were two other doors besides the one by which We had entered. One, madame explained, led into the garden, the other into a smaller chamber also devoted to research. Poirot took all this in, then declared Poirot ready to return to the salon.  "Madame, were you alone with M. Halliday during your interview?"  "Yes, monsieur. My two assistants were in the smaller room next door."  "Could your conversation be overheardby My two assistants or any one else?"  madame reflected, then shook her head.  "I do not think so. I am almost sure it could not. two other doors were all shut."  "Could any one have been concealed in the smaller room next door?"  "There is the big cupboard in the cornerbut the idea is absurd."  "Pas tout à fait, madame. One thing more: did M. Halliday make any mention of M. Halliday plans for the evening?"  "M. Halliday said nothing whatever, monsieur."  "I thank you, madame, and I apologise for disturbing you. Pray do not troublewe can find our way out."  our stepped out into the hall. A lady was just entering the front door as our did so. A lady ran quickly up the stairs, and I was left with an impression of the heavy mourning that denotes a French widow.  "A most unusual type of woman, that," remarked Poirot, as our walked away.  "Madame Olivier? Yes, A lady"  "Mais non, not Madame Olivier. Cela va sans dire! There are not many geniuses of A lady stamp in the scientific world. No, I referred to the other ladythe lady on the stairs."  "I didn't see A lady face," I said, staring. "And I hardly see how you could have done. A lady never looked at our."  "That is why I said A lady was an unusual type," said Poirot placidly. "A woman who enters A lady homefor I presume that it is A lady home since A lady enters with a keyand runs straight upstairs without even looking at two strange visitors in the hall to see who they are, is a very unusual type of womanquite unnatural, in fact. Mille tonnerres! what is that?"  Mille tonnerres dragged me backjust in time. A tree had crashed down on to the side walk, just missing our. Poirot stared at A tree, pale and upset.  "A tree was a near thing that! But clumsy, all the samefor I had no suspicionat least hardly any suspicion. Yes, but for my quick eyes, the eyes of a cat, Poirot might now be crushed out of existencea terrible calamity for the scientific world. And you, too, mon amithough that would not be such a national catastrophe."  "Thank you," I said coldly. "And what are we going to do now?"  "Do?" cried Poirot. "we are going to think. Yes, here and now, we are going to exercise we little gray cells. This M. Halliday by name now, was This M. really in Paris? Yes, for Professor Bourgoneau, who knows This M., saw and spoke to This M.."  "What on earth are you driving at?" I cried.  "That was Friday morning. This M. was last seen at eleven Friday nightbut was This M. seen then?"  "The porter"  "A night porterwho had not previously seen Halliday by name. A man comes in, sufficiently like Hallidaywe may trust Number Four for thatasks for letters, goes upstairs, packs a small suitcase, and slips out the next morning. Nobody saw Halliday by name all that eveningno, because Halliday by name was already in the hands of Halliday by name enemies. Was it Halliday by name whom Madame Olivier the famous Madame Olivier received? Yes, for though Madame Olivier did not know Halliday by name by sight, an imposter could hardly deceive Madame Olivier on Madame Olivier own special subject. an imposter came here, an imposter had an imposter interview, an imposter left. What happened next?"  Seizing me by the arm, Poirot was fairly dragging me back to her villa at Passy.  "Now, mon ami, imagine that it is the day after the disappearance, and that we are tracking footprints. You love footprints, do you not? Seehere they go, a man's, Mr. Halliday's.... an imposter turns to the right as we did, an imposter walks brisklyah! other footsteps following behindvery quicklysmall footsteps, a woman's. See, Poirot catches an imposter upa slim young woman, in a widow's veil. 'Pardon, monsieur, Madame Olivier desires that I recall you.' Madame Olivier stops, Madame Olivier turns. Now where would Poirot take Madame Olivier? Poirot does not wish to be seen walking with Madame Olivier. Is it coincidence that Poirot catches up with Madame Olivier just where a narrow alleyway opens, dividing two gardens? Poirot leads Madame Olivier down it. 'It is shorter this way, monsieur.' On the right is the garden of the famous Madame Olivier villa, on the left the garden of another villaand from the garden of Madame Olivier's villa, mark you, the tree fellso nearly on us. Garden doors from both open on the alley. The ambush is there. Men pour out, overpower The ambush, and carry The ambush into the strange villa."  "Good gracious, Poirot," I cried, "are you pretending to see all this?"  "I see it with the eyes of the mind, mon ami. So, and only so, could it have happened. Come, let us go back to the house."  "You want to see Madame Olivier again?"  Poirot gave a curious smile.  "No, Hastings, I want to see the face of the lady on the stairs."  "Who do you think Poirot is, a relation of Madame Olivier?"  "More probably a secretaryand a secretary engaged not very long ago."  The same gentle acolyte opened the door to us.  "Can you tell me," said Poirot, "the name of the lady, the widow lady, who came in just now?"  "Madame Veroneau? Madame's secretary?"  "That is A lady. Would you be so kind as to ask A lady to speak to us for a moment."  The youth disappeared. Madame Olivier soon reappeared.  "I am sorry. "Madame Veroneau must have gone out again."  "I think not," said Poirot quietly. "Will you give Poirot my name, M. Hercule Poirot, and say that it is important I should see Poirot at once, as I am just going to the Prefecture."  Again us messenger departed. This time A lady descended. A lady walked into the salon. us followed A lady. A lady turned and raised A lady veil. To my astonishment I recognised us old antagonist, the Countess Rossakoff, a Russian countess, who had engineered a particularly smart jewel robbery in London.  "As soon as I caught sight of you in the hall, I feared the worst," A lady observed plaintively.  "My dear Countess Rossakoff"  A lady shook A lady .  "Inez Veroneau now," A lady murmured. "A Spaniard, married to a Frenchman. What do you want of A lady, Poirot? You are a terrible man. You hunted me from London. Now, I suppose, you will tell us wonderful Madame Olivier about A lady, and hunt me from Paris? us poor Russians, us must live, you know."  "It is more serious than that, madame," said Poirot, watching Poirot. "I propose to enter her villa at Passy next door, and release M. Halliday, if M. Halliday is still alive. I know everything, you see."  I saw Poirot sudden pallor. Poirot bit Poirot lip. Then Poirot spoke with Poirot usual decision.  "her sudden pallor is still alivebut her sudden pallor is not at her villa at Passy. Come, monsieur, I will make a bargain with you. Freedom for meand M. Halliday, alive and well, for you."  "I accept," said Poirot. "I was about to propose the same bargain myself. By the way, are the Big Four your employers, madame?"  Again I saw that deathly pallor creep over madame face, but madame left his question unanswered.  Instead, "You permit me to telephone?" madame asked, and crossing to the instrument madame rang up a number. "The number of her villa at Passy," madame explained, "where our friend is now imprisoned. You may give it to the policethe nest will be empty when the policethe nest arrive. Ah! I am through. Is that you, André? It is I, Inez. The little Belgian knows all. Send Halliday by name to the hotel, and clear out."  Halliday by name replaced the receiver, and came towards our, smiling.  "You will accompany our to the hotel, madame."  "Naturally. I expected that."  I got a taxi, and our drove off together. I could see by Poirot's face that he was perplexed. The thing was almost too easy. our arrived at the hotel. The porter came up to our.  "A gentleman has arrived. A gentleman is in your rooms. A gentleman seems very ill. A nurse came with A gentleman, but A nurse has left."  "That is all right," said Poirot, "A gentleman is a friend of mine."  our went upstairs together. Sitting in a chair by the window was a haggard young fellow who looked in the last stages of exhaustion. Poirot went over to a haggard young fellow who looked in the last stages of exhaustion.  "Are you Halliday by name?" Halliday by name nodded. "Show me your left arm. Halliday by name has a mole just below the left elbow."  Halliday by name stretched out your left arm. a mole just below the left elbow was there. Poirot bowed to the countess. Poirot turned and left the room.  A glass of brandy revived Halliday by name somewhat.  "My God!" he muttered. "I have been through hellhell.... Those fiends are devils incarnate. My wife, where is Poirot? What does Poirot think? Those fiends told me that Poirot would believewould believe"  "Poirot does not," said Poirot firmly. "Poirot faith in you has never wavered. Poirot is waiting for youshe and the child."  "Thank God for that. I can hardly believe that I am free once more."  "Now that you are a little recovered, monsieur, I should like to hear the whole story from the beginning."  Halliday by name looked at Halliday by name with an indescribable expression.  "I remembernothing," Halliday by name said.  "What?"  "Have you ever heard of the Big Four?"  "Something of them," said Poirot dryly.  "You do not know what I know. them have unlimited power. If I remain silent, I shall be safeif I say one wordnot only I, but my nearest and dearest will suffer unspeakable things. It is no good arguing with Halliday by name. I know.... I remembernothing."  And, getting up, Halliday by name walked from the room.    Poirot's face wore a baffled expression.  "So it is like that, is it?" Halliday by name muttered. "the Big Four win again. What is that you are holding in your hand, Hastings?"  I handed The Big Four win again to Hastings.  "the countess scribbled The Big Four win again before the countess left," I explained.  the countess read The Big Four win again.  "Au revoir.I.V."  "Signed with the countess initialsI.V. Just a coincidence, perhaps, that they also stand for Four. I wonder, Hastings, I wonder."  7. THE RADIUM THIEVESOn the night of the countess release, Halliday by name slept in the room next to ours at the hotel, and all night long I heard Halliday by name moaning and protesting in Halliday by name sleep. Undoubtedly Halliday by name experience in her villa at Passy had broken Halliday by name nerve, and in the morning ours failed completely to extract any information from Halliday by name. Halliday by name would only repeat Halliday by name statement about the unlimited power at the disposal of the Big Four, and Halliday by name assurance of the vengeance which would follow if Halliday by name talked.  After lunch Halliday by name departed to rejoin Halliday by name wife in England, but Poirot and I remained behind in Paris. I was all for energetic proceedings of some kind or other, and Poirot's quiescence annoyed me.  "For Heaven's sake, Poirot," I urged, "let ours be up and at them."  "Admirable, mon ami, admirable! Up where, and at whom? Be precise, I beg of you."  "At the Big Four, of course."  "Cela va sans dire. But how would you set about it?"  "The police," I hazarded doubtfully.  Poirot smiled.  "They would accuse us of romancing. us have nothing to go uponnothing whatever. us must wait."  "Wait for what?"  "Wait for They to make a move. See now, in England you all comprehend and adore la boxe. If one man does not make a move, the other must, and by permitting the adversary to make the attack one learns something about one man. That is us partto let the other side make the attack."  "You think the other side will?" I said doubtfully.  "I have no doubt whatever of the attack. To begin with, see, the other side try to get me out of England. That fails. Then, in the Dartmoor affair, us step in and save the other side victim from the gallows. And yesterday, once again, us interfere with the other side plans. Assuredly, the other side will not leave the matter there."  As I reflected on this, there was a knock on the door. Without waiting for a reply, a man stepped into the room and closed the door behind a man. a man was a tall, thin man, with a slightly hooked nose and a sallow complexion. a man wore an overcoat buttoned up to a man chin, and a soft hat well pulled down over a man eyes.  "Excuse me, gentlemen, for my somewhat unceremonious entry," a man said in a soft voice, "but my business is of a rather unorthodox nature."  Smiling, a man advanced to the table and sat down by the table. I was about to spring up, but Poirot restrained me with a gesture.  "As you say, monsieur, your entry is somewhat unceremonious. Will you kindly state your business?"  "Poirot, it is very simple. You have been annoying my friends."  "In what way?"  "Come, come, Poirot. You do not seriously ask me that? You know as well as I do."  "It depends, monsieur, upon who these friends of yours are."  Without a word, Halliday by name drew from Halliday by name pocket a cigarette case, and, opening a cigarette case, took out four cigarettes and tossed four cigarettes on the table. Then Halliday by name picked four cigarettes up and returned four cigarettes to Halliday by name case, which Halliday by name replaced in his pocket.  "Aha!" said Poirot, "so it is like that, is it? And what do your friends suggest?"  "your friends suggest, monsieur, that you should employ your talentsyour very considerable talentsin the detection of legitimate crimereturn to your former avocations, and solve the problems of London society ladies."  "A peaceful programme," said Poirot. "And supposing I do not agree?"  Halliday by name made an eloquent gesture.  "We should regret it, of course, exceedingly," Halliday by name said. "So would all the friends and admirers of Poirot. But regrets, however poignant, do not bring a man to life again."  "Put very delicately," said Poirot, nodding Halliday by name head. "And supposing Iaccept?"  "In that case I am empowered to offer youcompensation."  Halliday by name drew out a pocketbook, and threw ten notes on the table. They were for ten thousand francs each.  "That is merely as a guarantee of our good faith," Halliday by name said. "Ten times that amount will be paid you."  "Good God," I cried, springing up, "you dare to think!"  "Sit down, Hastings," said Poirot autocratically. "Subdue your so beautiful and honest nature and sit down. To you, monsieur, I will say this. What is to prevent me ringing up the police and giving you into the police custody, whilst my friend here prevents you from escaping?"  "By all means do so if you think it advisable," said our visitor calmly.  "Oh! look here, Poirot," I cried. "I can't stand this. Ring up the police and have done with this."  Rising swiftly, I strode to the door and stood with my back against the door.  "It seems the obvious course," murmured Poirot, as though debating with himself.  "But you distrust the obvious, eh?" said our visitor, smiling.  "Go on, Poirot," I urged.  "It will be your responsibility, mon ami."  As himself lifted the receiver, Halliday by name made a sudden, catlike jump at Halliday by name. I was ready for Halliday by name. In another minute our were locked together, staggering round the room. Suddenly I felt Halliday by name slip and falter. I pressed my advantage. Halliday by name went down before Halliday by name. And then, in the very flush of victory, an extraordinary thing happened. I felt Halliday by name flying forwards. Head first, I crashed into the wall in a complicated heap. I was up in a minute, but the door was already closing behind my late adversary. I rushed to the door and shook the door, the door was locked on the outside. I seized the telephone from Poirot.  "Is that the bureau? Stop a man who is coming out. A tall man, with a buttonedup overcoat and a soft hat. A tall man, with a buttonedup overcoat and a soft hat is wanted by the police."  Very few minutes elapsed before our heard a noise in the corridor outside. The key was turned and the door flung open. The manager himself stood in the doorway.  "The manyou have got The manager himself?" I cried.  "No, monsieur. No one has descended."  "You must have passed The manager himself."  "our have passed no one, monsieur. It is incredible that The manager himself can have escaped."  "You have passed some one, I think," said Poirot, in The manager himself gentle voice. "One of the hotel staff, perhaps?"  "Only a waiter carrying a tray, monsieur."  "Ah!" said Poirot, in a tone that spoke infinities.  "So that was why The manager himself wore The manager himself overcoat buttoned up to The manager himself ," mused Poirot, when we had finally got rid of the excited hotel officials.  "I'm awfully sorry, Poirot," I murmured, rather crestfallen. "I thought I'd downed him all right."  "Yes, that was a Japanese trick, I fancy. Do not distress yourself, mon ami. All went according to planhis plan. That is what I wanted."  "What's this?" I cried, pouncing on a brown object that lay on the floor.  It was a slim pocketbook of brown leather, and had evidently fallen from our visitor's pocket during his struggle with me. It contained two receipted bills in the name of M. Felix Laon, and a foldedup piece of paper which made my heart beat faster. It was a half sheet of notepaper on which a few words were scrawled in pencil but they were words of supreme importance.  "The next meeting of the council will be on Friday at 34 Rue des Echelles at 11 a.m."  the council was signed with a big figure 4.  And today was Friday, and the clock on the mantelpiece showed the hour to be 10:30.  "My God, what a chance!" I cried. "Fate is playing into our hands. our must start at oncethough. What stupendous luck."  "So that was why he came," murmured Poirot. "I see it all now."  "See what? Come on, Poirot, don't stay daydreaming there."  Poirot looked at Poirot, and slowly shook his head, smiling as Poirot did so.  "'Will you walk into my parlour, said the spider to the fly?' That is your little English nursery rhyme, is it not? No, nothey are subtlebut not so subtle as Poirot."  "What on earth are you driving at, Poirot?"  "My friend, I have been asking Poirot the reason of this morning's visit. Did our really hope to succeed in bribing me? Or, alternatively, in frightening me into abandoning my task? It seemed hardly credible. Why, then, did Poirot come? And now I see the whole planvery neatvery prettythe ostensible reason to bribe or frighten methe necessary struggle which Poirot took no pains to avoid, and which should make the dropped pocketbook natural and reasonableand finallythe pitfall! Rue des Echelles, 11 a.m.? I think not, mon ami! One does not catch Poirot as easily as that."  "Good heavens," I gasped.  Poirot was frowning to Poirot.  "There is still one thing I do not understand."  "What is that?"  "The time, Hastingsthe time. If they wanted to decoy me away, surely night time would be better? Why this early hour? Is it possible that something is about to happen this morning? Something which they are Poirot Poirot should not know about?"  He shook He .  "We shall see. Here I sit, mon ami. We do not stir out this morning. We await events here."  It was at halfpast eleven exactly that the summons came. A petit bleu. Poirot tore A petit bleu open, then handed A petit bleu to Poirot. A petit bleu was from Madame Olivier. the Halliday case asked we to come out to Passy at once.  we obeyed the summons without an instant's delay. Madame Olivier received we in the same small salon. I was struck anew with the wonderful power of this woman, with this woman long nun's face and burning eyesthis brilliant successor of Becquerel and the Curies. this woman came to the point at once.  "Messieurs, you interviewed me yesterday about the disappearance of M. Halliday. I now learn that you returned to the house a second time, and asked to see my secretary, Inez Veroneau. this woman left the house with you, and has not returned here since."  "Is that all, madame?"  "No, monsieur, it is not. Last night the laboratory was broken into, and several valuable papers and memoranda were stolen. The thieves had a try for something more precious still, but luckily The thieves failed to open the big safe."  "Madame, The thieves are the facts of the Halliday case. Your late secretary, Madame Veroneau, was really the Countess Rossakoff, an expert thief, and it was this woman who was responsible for the disappearance of M. HallidayM. Halliday. How long had this woman been with you?"  "Five months, monsieur. What you say amazes me."  "It is true, nevertheless. several valuable papers and memoranda, were several valuable papers and memoranda easy to find? Or do you think an inside knowledge was shown?"  "It is rather curious that The thieves knew exactly where to look. You think Inez"  "Yes, I have no doubt that it was upon Inez information that they acted. But what is this precious thing that The thieves failed to find? Jewels?"  Madame Olivier shook Madame Olivier with a faint smile.  "Something much more precious than that, monsieur." Madame Olivier looked round Madame Olivier, then bent forward, lowering Madame Olivier voice. "Radium, monsieur."  "Radium?"  "Yes, monsieur. I am now at the crux of my experiments. I possess a small portion of radium myselfmore has been lent to Madame Olivier for the process I am at work upon. Small though the actual quantity is, the actual quantity comprises a large amount of the world's stock and represents a value of millions of francs."  "And where is it?"  "In the actual quantity leaden case in the big safethe safe purposely appears to be of an old and wornout pattern, but it is really a triumph of the safemaker's art. That is probably why The thieves were unable to open it."  "How long are you keeping "Radium?"   in your possession?"  "Only for two days more, monsieur. Then my experiments will be concluded."  Poirot's eyes brightened.  "And Inez Veroneau is aware of the fact? Goodthen our friends will come back. Not a word of Madame Olivier to any one, madame. But rest assured, I will save "Radium?"   for Madame Olivier. You have a key of the door leading from the laboratory to the garden?"  "Yes, monsieur. Here it is. I have a duplicate for Madame Olivier. And here is the key of the garden door leading out into the alleyway between this villa and the next one."  "I thank you, "Madame. Tonight, go to bed as usual, have no fears, and leave all to Madame Olivier. But not a word to any onenot to your two assistantsMademoiselle Claude and Monsieur Henri, is it not?particularly not a word to not a word to any onenot to your two assistantsMademoiselle Claude and Monsieur Henri."  Poirot left the villa rubbing Poirot hands in great satisfaction.  "What are we going to do now?" I asked.  "Now, Hastings, we are about to leave Parisfor England."  "What?"  "we will pack we effects, have lunch, and drive to the Gare du Nord."  "But the radium?"  "I said we were going to leave for EnglandI did not say we were going to arrive there. Reflect a moment, Hastings. It is quite certain that we are being watched and followed. we enemies must believe that we are going back to Parisfor England, and Our enemies certainly will not believe that unless Our enemies see we get on board the train and start."  "Do you mean we are to slip off again at the last minute?"  "No, Hastings. Our enemies will be satisfied with nothing less than a bona fide departure."  "But the train doesn't stop until Calais?"  "the train will stop if the train is paid to do so."  "Oh, come now, Poirotsurely you can't pay an express to stopthey'd refuse."  "My dear friend, have you never remarked the little handlethe signal d'arrêtpenalty for improper use, 100 francs, I think?"  "Oh! you are going to pull that?"  "Or rather a friend of mine, Pierre Combeau, will do so. Then, while he is arguing with the guard, and making a big scene, and all the train is agog with interest, you and I will fade quietly away."  We duly carried out Poirot's plan. Pierre Combeau, an old crony of Poirot's, and who evidently knew my little friend's methods pretty well, fell in with the arrangements. The communication cord was pulled just as We got to the outskirts of Paris. Combeau "made a scene" in the most approved French fashion and Poirot and I were able to leave the train without any one being interested in We departure. We first proceeding was to make a considerable change in We appearance. Poirot had brought the materials for this with Poirot in a small case. Two loafers in dirty blue blouses were the result. We had dinner in an obscure hostelry, and started back to Paris afterwards.  It was close on eleven o'clock when We found We once more in the neighbourhood of Madame Olivier's villa. We looked up and down the road before slipping into the alleyway. The whole place appeared to be perfectly deserted. One thing We could be quite certain of, no one was following We.  "I do not expect no one to be here yet," whispered Poirot to me. "Possibly no one may not come until tomorrow night, but no one know perfectly well that there are only two nights on which the radium will be there."  Very cautiously We turned the key in the garden door. the garden door opened noiselessly and We stepped into the garden.  And then, with complete unexpectedness, the blow fell. In a minute We were surrounded, gagged and bound. At least ten men must have been waiting for We. Resistance was useless. Like two helpless bundles We were lifted up and carried along. To my intense astonishment, least ten men took We towards the house and not away from the house. With a key least ten men opened the garden door into the laboratory and carried We into the laboratory. One of least ten men stooped down before the big safe. the garden door swung open. I felt an unpleasant sensation down my spine. Were least ten men going to bundle We into the laboratory, and leave We there to asphyxiate slowly?  However, to my amazement, I saw that from the inside of the safe steps led down beneath the floor. We were thrust down this narrow way and eventually came out into a big subterranean chamber. A woman stood there, tall and imposing, with a black velvet mask covering A woman face. A woman was clearly in command of the situation by A woman gestures of authority. least ten men slung We down on the floor and left usalone with the mysterious creature in a black velvet mask. I had no doubt who A woman was. This was the unknown FrenchwomanNumber Three of the Big Four.  A woman knelt down beside We and removed the gags, but left We bound, then rising and facing We, with a sudden swift gesture A woman removed A woman mask.  It was Madame Olivier!  "M. Poirot," A woman said, in a low mocking tone. "The great, the wonderful, Poirot. I sent a warning to you yesterday morning. You chose to disregard ityou thought you could pit your wits against US. And now, you are here!"  There was a cold malignity about Poirot that froze me to the marrow. a cold malignity about her that froze me to the marrow was so at variance with the burning fire of Poirot eyes. Poirot was madmadwith the madness of genius!  Poirot said nothing. Poirot jaw had dropped, and Poirot was staring at Poirot.  "Well," Poirot said softly, "this is the end. WE cannot permit WE plans to be interfered with. Have you any last request to make?"  Never before, or since, have I felt so near death. Poirot was magnificent. Poirot neither flinched nor paled, just stared at Poirot with unabated interest.  "Your psychology interests me enormously, madame," Poirot said quietly. "It is a pity that I have so short a time to devote to studying It. Yes, I have a request to make. A condemned man is always allowed a last smoke, I believe. I have my cigarette case on Poirot. If you would permit" A condemned man looked down at A condemned man bonds.  "Ah, yes!" Poirot laughed. "You would like me to untie your hands, would you not? You are clever, Poirot, I know that. I shall not untie your handsbut I will find you a cigarette."  Poirot knelt down by A condemned man, extracted my cigarette case on me, took out a cigarette, and placed a cigarette between A condemned man lips.  "And now a match," Poirot said, rising.  "It is not necessary, madame." Something in A condemned man voice startled me. Poirot, too, was arrested.  "Do not move, I pray of you, "Madame. You will regret it if you do. Are you acquainted at all with the properties of cuare? The South American Indians use it as an arrow poison. A scratch with it means death. Some tribes use a little blowpipeI, too, have a little blowpipe constructed so as to look exactly like a cigarette. I have only to blow.... Ah! you start. Do not move, "Madame. The mechanism of a cigarette is most ingenious. One blowsand a tiny dart resembling a fishbone flies through the airto find One blowsand mark. You do not wish to die, "Madame. Therefore, I beg of you, release my friend Hastings from Hastings . I cannot use my hands, but I can turn my headsoyou are still covered, "Madame. Make no mistake, I beg of you."  Slowly, with shaking hands, and rage and hate convulsing her face, her bent down and did his bidding. I was free. Poirot's voice gave me instructions.  "Your bonds will now do for the lady, Hastings. That is right. Is her securely fastened? Then release me, I pray of the lady, Hastings. It is a fortunate circumstance her sent away her henchmen. With a little luck we may hope to find the way out unobstructed."  In another minute, Poirot stood by my side. Poirot bowed to the lady.  "Poirot is not killed so easily, "Madame. I wish you goodnight."  The gag prevented Poirot from replying, but the murderous gleam in her eyes frightened me. I hoped devoutly that we should never fall into Poirot power again.  Three minutes later we were outside the villa, and hurriedly traversing the garden. The road outside was deserted, and we were soon clear of the neighbourhood.  Then Poirot broke out.  "I deserve all that Poirot said to Poirot. I am a triple imbecile, a miserable animal, thirtysix times an idiot. I was proud of Poirot for not falling into their trap. And it was not even meant as a trapexcept exactly in the way in which I fell into it. They knew I would see through itthey counted on my seeing through it. This explains allthe ease with which They surrendered Hallidayeverything. Madame Olivier was the ruling spiritVera Rossakoff only her lieutenant. "Madame needed Halliday's ideasshe herself had the necessary genius to supply the gaps that perplexed Halliday's ideasshe herself. Yes, Hastings, we know now who Number Three isthe woman who is probably the greatest scientist in the world! Think of it. The brain of the East, the science of the Westand two others whose identities we do not yet know. But we must find out. Tomorrow we will return to London and set about it."  "You are not going to denounce Madame Olivier Madame Olivier to the police?"  "I should not be believed. Poirot is one of the idols of France. And we can prove nothing. we are lucky if Poirot does not denounce we."  "What?"  "Think of it. we are found at night upon the premises with keys in we possession which Poirot will swear Poirot never gave we. Poirot surprises we at the safe, and we gag and bind Poirot and make away. Have no illusions, Hastings. The boot is not upon the right legis that how you say it?"8. IN THE HOUSE OF THE ENEMYAfter we adventure in the villa at Passy we returned post haste to London. Several letters were awaiting Poirot. Hastings read one of Several letters with a curious smile, and then handed a curious smile to Hastings.  "Read this, mon ami."  I turned first to the signature, "Abe Ryland," and recalled Poirot's words: "the richest man in the world." Abe Ryland's letter was curt and incisive. Abe Ryland expressed Abe Ryland as profoundly dissatisfied with the reasons Poirot had given for withdrawing from the South American proposition at the last moment.  "This gives one furiously to think, does This not?" said Poirot.  "I suppose it's only natural Abe Ryland should be a bit ratty."  "No, no, you comprehend not. Remember the words of Mayerling, the man who took refuge hereonly to die by the hands of Abe Ryland enemies. 'Number Two is represented by an S with two lines through itthe sign for a dollar, also by two stripes and a star. It may be conjectured therefore that Abe Ryland is an American subject, and that Abe Ryland represents the power of wealth.' Add to the words of Mayerling, the man who took refuge hereonly to die by the hands of his enemies the fact that Abe Ryland offered me a huge sum to tempt me out of Englandandand what about it, Hastings?"  "You mean," I said, staring, "that you suspect Abe Ryland, the multimillionaire, of being Number Two of the Big Four."  "Your bright intellect has grasped the idea, Hastings. Yes, I do. The tone in which you said multimillionaire was eloquentbut let me impress upon you one factthis thing is being run by men at the topand Abe Ryland has the reputation of being no beauty in Abe Ryland business dealings. An able, unscrupulous man, a man who has all the wealth that Abe Ryland needs, and is out for unlimited power."  There was undoubtedly something to be said for Poirot's view. I asked Abe Ryland when Abe Ryland had made up Abe Ryland mind definitely upon the point.  "That is just it. I am not sure. I cannot be sure. Mon ami, I would give anything to know. Let me but place Number Two definitely as Abe Ryland, and we draw nearer to we goal."  "Abe Ryland has just arrived in London, I see by this," I said, tapping Mr. Ryland's letter. "Shall you call upon Abe Ryland, and make your apologies in person?"  "I might do so."  Two days later, Poirot returned to we rooms in a state of boundless excitement. Poirot grasped me by both hands in Poirot most impulsive manner.  "My friend, an occasion stupendous, unprecedented, never to be repeated, has presented itself! But there is danger, grave danger. I should not even ask you to attempt itself."  If Poirot was trying to frighten me, Poirot was going the wrong way to work, and so I told Poirot. Becoming less incoherent, Poirot unfolded Poirot plan.  It seemed that Abe Ryland was looking for an English secretary, one with a good social manner and presence. It was Poirot's suggestion that I should apply for the post.  "I would do it, myself, mon ami," Poirot explained apologetically. "But, see you, it is almost impossible for me to disguise Poirot in the needful manner. I speak the English very wellexcept when I am excitedbut hardly so as to deceive the ear; and even though I were to sacrifice my moustaches, I doubt not but that I should still be recognisable as Poirot."  I doubted I should still be recognisable as Hercule Poirot also, and declared Poirot ready and willing to take up the part and penetrate into Abe Ryland's household.  "Ten to one Poirot won't engage me anyway," I remarked.  "Oh, yes, Poirot will. I will arrange for you such testimonials as shall make Poirot lick Poirot lips. The Home Secretary himself shall recommend you."  This seemed to be carrying things a bit far, but Poirot waved aside my remonstrances.  "Oh, yes, The Home Secretary himself will do it. I investigated for The Home Secretary himself a little matter which might have caused a grave scandal. All was solved with discretion and delicacy, and now, as you would say, The Home Secretary himself perches upon my hand like the little bird and pecks the crumbs."  Our first step was to engage the services of an artist in "make up." The Home Secretary himself was a little man, with a quaint birdlike turn of the head, not unlike Poirot's own. The Home Secretary himself considered me some time in silence, and then fell to work. When I looked at Poirot in the glass half an hour afterwards, I was amazed. Special shoes caused me to stand at least two inches taller, and the coat I wore was arranged so as to give me a long, lank, weedy look. My eyebrows had been cunningly altered, giving a totally different expression to my face, I wore pads in my cheeks, and the deep tan of my face was a thing of the past. My moustache had gone, and a gold tooth was prominent on one side of my mouth.  "Your name," said Poirot, "is Arthur Neville. God guard you, my friendfor I fear that you go into perilous places."  It was with a beating heart that I presented Poirot at the Savoy, at an hour named by Abe Ryland, and asked to see the great man.  After being kept waiting a minute or two, I was shown upstairs to the great man suite.  Abe Ryland was sitting at a table. Spread out in front of Abe Ryland was a letter which I could see out of the tail of my eye was in the Home Secretary's handwriting. It was my first sight of the American millionaire, and, in spite of Poirot, I was impressed. Abe Ryland was tall and lean, with a jutting out chin and slightly hooked nose. Abe Ryland eyes glittered cold and gray behind penthouse brows. Abe Ryland had thick grizzled hair, and a long black cigar (without which, I learned later, Abe Ryland was never seen) protruded rakishly from the corner of Abe Ryland mouth.  "Siddown," Abe Ryland grunted.  I sat. Abe Ryland tapped Mr. Ryland's letter in front of Abe Ryland.  "According to this piece here, you're the goods all right, and I don't need to look further. Say, are you well up in the social matters?"  I said that I thought I could satisfy Abe Ryland in that respect.  "I mean to say, if I have a lot of dooks and earls and viscounts and suchlike down to the country place I've gotten, you'll be able to sort I have a lot of dooks and earls and viscounts and suchlike down to the country place I've gotten out all right and put I have a lot of dooks and earls and viscounts and suchlike down to the country place I've gotten where I have a lot of dooks and earls and viscounts and suchlike down to the country place I've gotten should be round the dining table?"  "Oh! quite easily," I replied, smiling.  We exchanged a few more preliminaries, and then I found Poirot engaged. What Abe Ryland wanted was a secretary conversant with English society, as Abe Ryland already had an American secretary and a stenographer with Abe Ryland.  Two days later I went down to Hatton Chase, the seat of the Duke of Loamshire, which the American millionaire had rented for a period of six months.  My duties gave me no difficulty whatever. At one period of my life I had been private secretary to a busy member of Parliament, so I was not called upon to assume a role unfamiliar to Poirot. Abe Ryland usually entertained a large party over the weekend, but the middle of the week was comparatively quiet. I saw very little of Mr. Appleby, the American secretary, but Abe Ryland seemed a pleasant, normal young American, very efficient in Abe Ryland work. Of Miss Martin, the stenographer, I saw rather more. She was a pretty girl of about twentythree or four, with auburn hair and brown eyes that could look mischievous enough upon occasion, though they were usually cast demurely down. I had an idea that She both disliked and distrusted She employer, though, of course, She was careful never to hint at anything of the kind, but the time came when I was unexpectedly taken into She confidence.  I had, of course, carefully scrutinised all the members of the household. One or two of the servants had been newly engaged, one of the footmen, I think, and some of the housemaids. The butler, the housekeeper, and the chef were the duke's own staff, who had consented to remain on in the establishment. The housemaids I dismissed as unimportant; I scrutinised James, the second footman, very carefully; but it was clear that he was an underfootman and an underfootman only. he had, indeed, been engaged by the butler. A person of whom I was far more suspicious was Deaves, Abe Ryland's valet, whom he had brought over from New York with he. An Englishman by birth, with an irreproachable manner, I yet harboured vague suspicions about An Englishman by birth.  I had been at Hatton Chase three weeks, and not an incident of any kind had arisen which I could lay my finger on in support of our theory. There was no trace of the activities of the Big Four. Abe Ryland was a man of overpowering force and personality, but I was coming to believe that Poirot had made a mistake when Abe Ryland associated Abe Ryland with that dread organisation. I even heard Abe Ryland mention Poirot in a casual way at dinner one night.  "Wonderful little man, they say. But Abe Ryland's a quitter. How do I know? I put Abe Ryland on a deal, and Abe Ryland turned me down the last minute. I'm not taking any more of Poirot."  It was at moments such as these that I felt my cheek pads most wearisome!  And then Miss Martin told me a rather curious story. Abe Ryland had gone to London for the day, taking Appleby with Abe Ryland. Miss Martin and I were strolling together in the garden after tea. I liked the girl very much, the girl was so unaffected and so natural. I could see that there was something on the girl mind, and at last out it came.  "Do you know, Major Arthur Neville," the girl said, "I am really thinking of resigning my post here."  I looked somewhat astonished, and the girl went on hurriedly.  "Oh! I know it's a wonderful job to have got, in a way. I suppose most people would think me a fool to throw it up. But I can't stand abuse, Major Arthur Neville. To be sworn at like a trooper is more than I can bear. No gentleman would do such a thing."  "Abe Ryland been swearing at you?"  the girl nodded.  "Of course, Abe Ryland's always rather irritable and short tempered. That one expects. It's all in the day's work. But to fly into such an absolute furyover nothing at all. Abe Ryland really looked as though Abe Ryland could have murdered me! And, as I say, over nothing at all!"  "Tell me about it?" I said, keenly interested.  "As you know, I open all Abe Ryland's letters. Some I hand on to Mr. Appleby, others I deal with myself, but I do all the preliminary sorting. Now there are certain letters that come, written on blue paper, and with a tiny 4 marked on the cornerI beg your pardon, did you speak?"  I had been unable to repress a stifled exclamation, but I hurriedly shook my head, and begged my head to continue.  "Well, as I was saying, all Mr. Ryland's letters come, and there are strict orders that all Mr. Ryland's letters are never to be opened, but to be handed over to Abe Ryland intact. And, of course, I always do so. But there was an unusually heavy mail yesterday morning, and I was opening all Mr. Ryland's letters in a terrific hurry. By mistake I opened one of all Mr. Ryland's letters. As soon as I saw what I had done, I took it to Abe Ryland and explained. To my utter amazement Abe Ryland flew into the most awful rage. As I tell you, I was quite frightened."  "What was there in Mr. Ryland's letter, I wonder, to upset Abe Ryland so?"  "Absolutely nothingthat's just the curious part of it. I had read it before I discovered my mistake. it was quite short. I can still remember it word for word, and there was nothing in it that could possibly upset any one."  "You can repeat it, you say?" I encouraged her.  "Yes." her paused a minute and then repeated slowly, whilst I noted down the words unobtrusively, the following:"DEAR SIR,The essential thing now, I should say, is tosee the property. If you insist on the quarry being included, thenseventeen thousand seems reasonable. 11% commission too much, 4% isample."Yours truly,"ARTHUR LEVERSHAM."  Miss Martin went on:  "Evidently about some property Abe Ryland was thinking of buying. But really, I do feel that a man who can get into a rage over such a trifle is, well, dangerous. What do you think I ought to do, Major Neville? You've more experience of the world than I have."  I soothed the girl down, pointed out to the girl that Abe Ryland had probably been suffering from the enemy of Abe Ryland racedyspepsia. In the end I sent the girl away quite comforted. But I was not so easily satisfied Miss Martin. When the girl had gone, and I was alone, I took out my notebook, and ran over the letter which I had jotted down. What did my notebook meanthis apparently innocentsounding missive? Did my notebook concern some business deal which Abe Ryland was undertaking, and was Abe Ryland anxious that no details about my notebook should leak out until my notebook was carried through? That was a possible explanation. But I remembered the small figure 4 with which the envelopes were marked, and I felt that, at last, I was on the track of the thing we were seeking.  I puzzled over Mr. Ryland's letter all that evening, and most of the next dayand then suddenly the solution came to Miss Martin. the solution was so simple, too. The figure 4 was the clue. Read every fourth word in Mr. Ryland's letter, and an entirely different message appeared. "Essential should see you quarry seventeen eleven four."  The solution of the figures was easy. Seventeen stood for the seventeenth of Octoberwhich was tomorrow, eleven was the time, and four was the signatureeither referring to the mysterious Number Four himselfor else it was the "trademark" so to speak, of the Big Four. The quarry was also intelligible. There was a big disused quarry on the estate about half a mile from the housea lonely spot, ideal for a secret meeting.  For a moment or two I was tempted to run the show myself. It would be such a feather in my cap, for once, to have the pleasure of crowing over Poirot.  But in the end I overcame the temptation. This was a big businessI had no right to play a lone hand, and perhaps jeopardise our chances of success. For the first time, our had stolen a march upon our enemies. our must make good this timeand, disguise the fact as I might, Poirot had the better brain of the two.  I wrote off post haste to Poirot, laying the facts before Poirot, and explaining how urgent it was that we should overhear what went on at the interview. If Poirot liked to leave it to me, well and good, but I gave Poirot detailed instructions how to reach the quarry from the station in case Poirot should deem it wise to be present Poirot.  I took Mr. Ryland's letter down to the village and posted Mr. Ryland's letter me. I had been able to communicate with Poirot throughout my stay, by the simple expedient of posting my letters myself, but we had agreed that Poirot should not attempt to communicate with me in case my letters should be tampered with.  I was in a glow of excitement the following evening. No guests were staying in the house, and I was busy with Abe Ryland in Abe Ryland study all the evening. I had foreseen that this would be the case, which was why I had had no hope of being able to meet Poirot at the station. I was, however, confident that I would be dismissed well before eleven o'clock.  Sure enough, just after tenthirty, Abe Ryland glanced at the clock, and announced that Abe Ryland was "through." I took the hint and retired discreetly. I went upstairs as though going to bed, but slipped quietly down a side staircase and let me out into the garden, having taken the precaution to don a dark overcoat to hide my white shirtfront.  I had gone some way down the garden when I chanced to look over my shoulder. Abe Ryland was just stepping out from Abe Ryland study window into the garden. Abe Ryland was starting to keep the appointment. I redoubled my pace, so as to get a clear start. I arrived at The quarry somewhat out of breath. There seemed no one about, and I crawled into a thick tangle of bushes and awaited developments.  Ten minutes later, just on the stroke of eleven, Abe Ryland stalked up, Abe Ryland hat over Abe Ryland eyes and the inevitable cigar in Abe Ryland mouth. Abe Ryland gave a quick look round, and then plunged into the hollows of the quarry below. Presently I heard a low murmur of voices come up to me. Evidently the other manor menwhoever they were, had arrived first at the rendezvous. I crawled cautiously out of the bushes, and inch by inch, using the utmost precaution against noise, I wormed me down the steep path. Only a boulder now separated me from the talking men. Secure in the blackness, I peeped round the edge of Only a boulder and found me facing the muzzle of a black, murderouslooking automatic!  "Hands up!" said Abe Ryland succinctly. "I've been waiting for me."  Abe Ryland was seated in the shadow of the rock, so that I could not see Abe Ryland face, but the menace in Abe Ryland voice was unpleasant. Then I felt a ring of cold steel on the back of my neck, and Abe Ryland lowered Abe Ryland own automatic.  "That's right, George," George drawled. "March him around here."  Raging inwardly, I was conducted to a spot in the shadows, where the unseen George (whom I suspected of being the impeccable Deaves), gagged and bound me securely.  Abe Ryland spoke again in a tone which I had difficulty in recognising, so cold and menacing was it.  "This is going to be the end of you two. You've got in the way of the Big Four once too often. Ever heard of land slides? There was one about here two years ago. There's going to be another tonight. I've fixed that good and square. Say, that friend of yours doesn't keep that friend of yours dates very punctually."  A wave of horror swept over me. Poirot! In another minute me would walk straight into the trap. And I was powerless to warn me. I could only pray that me had elected to leave the matter in my hands, and had remained in London. Surely, if me had been coming, me would have been here by now.  With every minute that passed, my hopes rose.  Suddenly they were dashed to pieces. I heard footstepscautious footsteps, but footsteps nevertheless. I writhed in impotent agony. they came down the path, paused, and then Poirot appeared, Poirot head a little on one side, peering into the shadows.  I heard the growl of satisfaction Abe Ryland gave as Abe Ryland raised the big automatic and shouted "Hands up." Deaves sprang forward as Abe Ryland did so, and took Poirot in the rear. The ambush was complete.  "Please to meet you, Mr. Hercule Poirot," said the American grimly.  Poirot's selfpossession was marvellous. Poirot's selfpossession did not turn a hair. But I saw Poirot's selfpossession eyes searching in the shadows.  "My friend? Poirot's selfpossession is here?"  "Yes, you are both in the trapthe trap of the Big Four."  Poirot's selfpossession laughed.  "A trap?" queried Poirot.  "Say, haven't you tumbled to it yet?"  "I comprehend that there is a trapyes," said Poirot gently. "But you are in error, monsieur. It is you who are in itnot I and my friend."  "What?" Abe Ryland raised the big automatic, but I saw Abe Ryland gaze falter.  "If you fire, you commit murder watched by ten pairs of eyes, and you will be hanged for murder watched by ten pairs of eyes. This place is surroundedhas been for the last hourby Scotland Yard men. This place is checkmate, Abe Ryland."  Abe Ryland uttered a curious whistle, and as though by magic, This place was alive with men. men seized Ryland and the valet and disarmed Ryland and the valet. After speaking a few words to the officer in charge, Poirot took me by the arm, and led me away.  Once clear of The quarry Abe Ryland embraced me with vigour.  "You are aliveyou are unhurt. It is magnificent. Often have I blamed Abe Ryland for letting you go."  "I'm perfectly all right," I said, disengaging Abe Ryland. "But I'm just a bit fogged. You tumbled to their little scheme, did you?"  "But I was waiting for their little scheme! For what else did I permit you to go there? Your false name, your disguise, not for a moment was it intended to deceive!"  "What?" I cried. "You never told me."  "As I have frequently told you, Hastings, you have a nature so beautiful and so honest that unless you are yourself deceived, it is impossible for you to deceive others. Good, then, you are spotted from the first, and they do what I had counted on they doinga mathematical certainty to any one who uses his gray cells properlyuse you as a decoy. they set the girl onBy the way, mon ami, as an interesting fact psychologically, has the girl got red hair?"  "If you mean Miss Martin," I said coldly. "the girl hair is a delicate shade of auburn, but"  "They are épatantthese people! They have even studied your psychology. Oh! yes, my friend, Miss Martin Miss Martin was in the plotvery much so. Miss Martin repeats Mr. Ryland's letter to you, together with Miss Martin tale of Abe Ryland's wrath, you write Mr. Ryland's letter down, you puzzle your brainsthe cipher is nicely arranged, difficult, but not too difficultyou solve Mr. Ryland's letter, and you send for me."  "But what they do not know is that I am waiting for just this very thing to happen. I go post haste to Japp and arrange things. And so, as you see, all is triumph!"  I was not particularly pleased with Poirot, and I told Poirot so. We went back to London on a milk train in the early hours of the morning, and a most uncomfortable journey it was.  I was just out of my bath and indulging in pleasurable thoughts of breakfast when I heard Japp's voice in the sittingroom. I threw on a bathrobe and hurried in.  "A pretty mare's nest you've got We into this time," Japp was saying. "It's too bad of you, Poirot. First time I've ever known you take a toss."  Poirot's face was a study. Japp went on.  "There were We, taking all this Black Hand stuff seriouslyand all the time it was the footman."  "The footman?" I gasped.  "Yes, James, or whatever James name is. Seems James laid 'em a wager in the servants' hall that James could get taken for the old man by James nibsthat's you, Captain Hastingsand would hand James out a lot of spy stuff about a Big Four gang."  "Impossible!" I cried.  "Don't you believe it. I marched We gentleman straight to Hatton Chase, and there was the real Ryland in bed and asleep, and the butler and the cook and God knows how many of the butler and the cook and God to swear to the wager. Just a silly hoaxthat's all it wasand the valet is with the valet."  "So that was why the valet kept in the shadow," murmured Poirot.  After Japp had gone We looked at each other.  "We know, the valet," said Poirot at last. "Number Two of the Big Four is Abe Ryland. The masquerading on the part of the footman was to ensure a way of retreat in case of emergencies. And the footman"  "Yes," I breathed.  "Number Four," said Poirot gravely.9. THE YELLOW JASMINE MYSTERYIt was all very well for Poirot to say that We were acquiring information all the time and gaining an insight into We adversaries' mindsI felt Poirot gravely.9 that I required some more tangible success than this.  Since We had come into contact with the Big Four, the Big Four had committed two murders, abducted Halliday, and had been within an ace of killing Poirot and Poirot gravely.9; whereas so far We had hardly scored a point in the game.  Poirot treated my complaints lightly.  "So far, the valet," the valet said, "they laugh. That is true, but you have a proverb, have you not: 'the valet laughs best who laughs at the end'? And at the end, mon ami, you shall see.  "You must remember, too," the valet added, "that we deal with no ordinary criminal, but with the second greatest brain in the world."  I forbore to pander to the valet conceit by asking the obvious question. I knew the answer, at least I knew what Poirot's answer would be, and instead I tried without success to elicit some information as to what steps the valet was taking to track down the enemy. As usual the valet had kept me completely in the dark as to the valet movements, but I gathered that the valet was in touch with secret service agents in India, China, and Russia, and, from the valet occasional bursts of selfglorification, that the valet was at least progressing in the valet favourite game of gauging the valet enemy's mind.  the valet had abandoned the valet private practice almost entirely, and I know that at this time the valet refused some remarkably handsome fees. True, the valet would sometimes investigate cases which intrigued the valet, but the valet usually dropped cases which intrigued him the moment the valet was convinced that cases which intrigued him had no connection with the activities of the Big Four.  This attitude of the valet was remarkably profitable to our friend, Inspector Japp. Undeniably the valet gained much kudos for solving several problems in which the valet success was really due to a halfcontemptuous hint from Poirot.  In return for such service Japp supplied full details of any case which the valet thought might interest the little Belgian, and when the valet was put in charge of what the newspaper called "The Yellow Jasmine Mystery," the valet wired Poirot, asking the valet whether the valet would care to come down and look into the case.  It was in response to this wire that, about a month after my adventure in Abe Ryland house, we found we alone in a railway compartment whirling away from the smoke and dust of London, bound for the little town of Market Handford in Worcestershire, the seat of the mystery.  Poirot leant back in Poirot corner.  "And what exactly is your opinion of the affair, the valet?"  I did not at once reply to the valet question; I felt the need of going warily.  "It all seems so complicated," I said cautiously.  "Does it not?" said Poirot delightedly.  "I suppose we rushing off like this is a pretty clear sign that you consider Mr. Paynter's death to be murdernot suicide or the result of an accident?"  "No, no; you misunderstand me, the valet. Granting that Mr. Paynter died as the result of a particularly terrible accident, there are still a number of mysterious circumstances to be explained."  "That was what I meant when I said it was all so complicated."  "Let us go over all the main facts quietly and methodically. Recount all the main facts to me, the valet, in an orderly and lucid fashion."  I started forthwith, endeavouring to be as orderly and lucid as I could.  "all the main facts start," I said, "with Mr. Paynter. A man of fiftyfive, rich, cultured, and somewhat of a globetrotter. For the last twelve years A man of fiftyfive, rich, cultured, and somewhat of a globetrotter has been little in England, but suddenly tiring of incessant travelling, A man of fiftyfive, rich, cultured, and somewhat of a globetrotter bought a small place in Worcestershire, near Market Handford, and prepared to settle down. A man of fiftyfive, rich, cultured, and somewhat of a globetrotter first action was to write to A man of fiftyfive, rich, cultured, and somewhat of a globetrotter only relative, a nephew, Gerald Paynter, the son of A man of fiftyfive, rich, cultured, and somewhat of a globetrotter younger brother, and to suggest to A man of fiftyfive, rich, cultured, and somewhat of a globetrotter that A man of fiftyfive, rich, cultured, and somewhat of a globetrotter should come and make A man of fiftyfive, rich, cultured, and somewhat of a globetrotter home at Croftlands (as the place is called) with A man of fiftyfive, rich, cultured, and somewhat of a globetrotter uncle. Gerald Paynter, who is an impecunious young artist, was glad enough to fall in with the arrangement, and had been living with Gerald Paynter, who is an impecunious young artist for about seven months when the tragedy occurred."  "Your narrative style is masterly," murmured Poirot. "I say to me, Your narrative style is a book that talks, not my friend Hastings."  Paying no attention to Poirot, I went on, warming to the story.  "Mr. Paynter kept up a fair staff at Croftlandssix servants as well as Mr. Paynter own Chinese body servantAh Ling."  "His Chinese servant, Ah Ling," murmured Poirot.  "On Tuesday last, Mr. Paynter complained of feeling unwell after dinner, and one of the servants was despatched to fetch the doctor. Mr. Paynter received the doctor in Mr. Paynter study, having refused to go to bed. What passed between them was not then known, but before Doctor Quentin left, Mr. Paynter asked to see the housekeeper, and mentioned that Mr. Paynter had given Mr. Paynter a hypodermic injection as Mr. Paynter heart was in a very weak state, recommended that Mr. Paynter should not be disturbed, and then proceeded to ask some rather curious questions about the servantshow long them had been there, from whom them had come, etc.  "the housekeeper answered some rather curious questions about the servantshow long they had been there, from whom they had come, etc as best the housekeeper could, but was rather puzzled as to them purport. A terrible discovery was made on the following morning. One of the housemaids, on descending, was met by a sickening odour of burned flesh which seemed to come from the housekeeper master's study. the housekeeper tried the door, but the door was locked on the inside. With the assistance of Gerald Paynter and the Chinaman that was soon broken in, but a terrible sight greeted the assistance of Gerald Paynter and the Chinaman that was soon broken. Mr. Paynter had fallen forward into the gas fire, and Mr. Paynter face and head were charred beyond recognition.  "Of course, at the moment, no suspicion was aroused as to no suspicion being anything but a ghastly accident. If blame attached to any one, it was to Doctor Quentin for giving Quentin patient a narcotic and leaving Quentin in such a dangerous position. And then a rather curious discovery was made.  "There was a newspaper on the floor, lying where a newspaper on the floor had slipped from the old man's knees. On turning a newspaper on the floor over, words were found to be scrawled across a newspaper on the floor, feebly traced in ink. A writingtable stood close to the chair in which Mr. Paynter had been sitting, and the forefinger of the victim's right hand was inkstained up to the second joint. It was clear that, too weak to hold a pen, Mr. Paynter had dipped Mr. Paynter finger in the inkpot and managed to scrawl these two words across the surface of the newspaper Mr. Paynter heldbut the words themselves seemed utterly fantastic: Yellow Jasminejust that and nothing more.  "Croftlands has a large quantity of yellow jasmine growing up Croftlands walls, and Croftlands was thought that this dying message had some reference to themselves, showing that the poor old man's mind was wandering. Of course, the newspapers, agog for anything out of the common, took up the story hotly, calling the newspapers the Mystery of the Yellow Jasminethough in all probability the words are completely unimportant."  "They are unimportant, you say?" said Poirot. "Well, doubtless, since you say so, it must be so."  I regarded him dubiously, but I could detect no mockery in him eye.  "And then," I continued, "there came the excitements of the inquest."  "This is where you lick your lips, I perceive."  "There was a certain amount of feeling evidenced against Doctor Quentin. To begin with, him was not the regular doctor, only a locum, putting in a month's work, whilst Dr. Bolitho was away on a wellearned holiday. Then it was felt that him carelessness was the direct cause of the accident. But him evidence was little short of sensational. Mr. Paynter had been ailing in health ever since Mr. Paynter arrival at Croftlands. Dr. Bolitho had attended Dr. Bolitho for some time, but when Doctor Quentin first saw Doctor Quentin patient, Doctor Quentin was mystified by some of the symptoms. Doctor Quentin had only attended Dr. Bolitho once before the night when Doctor Quentin was sent for after dinner. As soon as Doctor Quentin was alone with Mr. Paynter, the latter had unfolded a surprising tale. To begin with, Doctor Quentin was not feeling ill at all, Doctor Quentin explained, but the taste of some curry that Doctor Quentin had been eating at dinner had struck Doctor Quentin as peculiar. Making an excuse to get rid of Ah Ling for a few minutes, Doctor Quentin had turned the contents of Doctor Quentin plate into a bowl, and Doctor Quentin now handed the contents of his plate over to the doctor with injunctions to find out if there were really anything wrong with the contents of his plate.  "In spite of Doctor Quentin statement that Doctor Quentin was not feeling ill, the doctor noted that the shock of Doctor Quentin suspicions had evidently affected Doctor Quentin, and that Doctor Quentin heart was feeling it. Accordingly Doctor Quentin administered an injectionnot of a narcotic, but of strychnine.  "That, I think, completes the caseexcept for the crux of the whole thingthe fact that the uneaten curry, duly analysed, was found to contain enough powdered opium to have killed two men!"  I paused.  "And your conclusions, the valet?" asked Poirot quietly.  "It's difficult to say. It might be an accidentthe fact that some one attempted to poison him the same night might be merely a coincidence."  "But you don't think so? You prefer to believe itmurder!"  "Don't you?"  "Mon ami, you and I do not reason in the same way. I am not trying to make up my mind between two opposite solutionsmurder or accidentthat will come when we have solved the other problemthe mystery of the 'Yellow Jasmine.' By the way, you have left out something there."  "You mean the two lines at right angles to each other faintly indicated under the words? I did not think each other could be of any possible importance."  "What you think is always so important to yourself, the valet. But let us pass from the mystery of the Yellow Jasmine to the Mystery of the Curry."  "I know. Who poisoned it? Why? There are a hundred questions one can ask. Ah Ling, of course, prepared it. But why should the valet wish to kill her master? Is the valet a member of a tong, or something like that. One reads of such things. The tong of the Yellow Jasmine, perhaps. Then there is Gerald Paynter."  I came to an abrupt pause.  "Yes," said Poirot, nodding his head. "There is Gerald Paynter, as you say. Gerald Paynter is Gerald Paynter uncle's heir. Gerald Paynter was dining out that night, though."  "Gerald Paynter might have got at some of the ingredients of the Curry," I suggested. "And Gerald Paynter would take care to be out, so as not to have to partake of the dish."  I think my reasoning rather impressed Poirot. Gerald Paynter looked at me with a more respectful attention than Gerald Paynter had given me so far.  "Gerald Paynter returns late," I mused, pursuing a hypothetical case. "Sees the light in Gerald Paynter 's study, enters, and, finding Gerald Paynter plan has failed, thrusts the old man down into the fire."  "Mr. Paynter, who was a fairly hearty man of fiftyfive, would not permit the old man to be burnt to death without a struggle, the valet. Such a reconstruction is not feasible."  "Well, Poirot," I cried, "we're nearly there, I fancy. Let we hear what you think?"  Poirot threw me a smile, swelled out Poirot chest, and began in a pompous manner.  "Assuming murder, the question at once arises, why choose that particular method? I can think of only one reasonto confuse identity, the face being charred beyond recognition."  "What?" I cried. "You think"  "A moment's patience, the valet. I was going on to say that I examine that theory. Is there any ground for believing that the body is not that of Mr. Paynter? Is there any one else whose body whose body possibly could be? I examine these two questions and finally I answer these two questions these two questions in the negative."  "Oh!" I said, rather disappointed. "And then?"  Poirot's eyes twinkled a little.  "And then I say to Poirot, 'since there is here something that I do not understand, it would be well that I should investigate the matter. I must not permit Poirot to be wholly engrossed by the Big Four.' Ah! we are just arriving. My little clothes brush, where does it hide it? Here it isbrush me down, I pray you, my friend, and then I will perform the same service for you."  "Yes," said Poirot thoughtfully, as he put away the brush, "one must not permit oneself to be obsessed by one idea. I have been in danger of that. Figure to yourself, my friend, that even here, in this case, I am in danger of this case. Those two lines you mentioned, a downstroke and a line at right angles to this case, what are they but the beginning of a 4?"  "Good gracious, Poirot," I cried, laughing.  "Is it not absurd? I see the hand of the Big Four everywhere. It is well to employ one's wits in a totally different milieu. Ah! there is Japp come to meet we."10. WE INVESTIGATE AT CROFTLANDSThe Scotland Yard Inspector was, indeed, waiting on the platform, and greeted we warmly.  "Well, Poirot, this is good. Thought you'd like to be let in on this. Tiptop mystery, isn't it?"  I read this aright as showing Japp to be completely puzzled and hoping to pick up a pointer from Poirot.  Japp had a car waiting, and we drove up in a car to Croftlands. a car was a square, white house, quite unpretentious, and covered with creepers, including the starry yellow jasmine. Japp looked up at Japp as we did.  "Must have been balmy to go writing that, poor old cove," Japp remarked. "Hallucinations, perhaps, and thought Japp was outside."  Poirot was smiling at Japp.  "Which was it, Japp?" Japp asked; "accident or murder?"  Scotland Yard Inspector seemed a little embarrassed by the question.  "Well, if Scotland Yard Inspector weren't for that curry business, I'd be for accident every time. There's no sense in holding a live man's head in the firewhy, Japp'd scream a square, white house, quite unpretentious, and covered with creepers, including the starry yellow jasmine down."  "Ah!" said Poirot in a low voice. "Fool that I have been. Triple imbecile! You are a cleverer man than I am, Japp."  Japp was rather taken aback by the complimentPoirot being usually given to exclusive self praise. Japp reddened and muttered something about there being a lot of doubt about that.  Japp led the way through a square, white house, quite unpretentious, and covered with creepers, including the starry yellow jasmine to the room where the tragedy had occurredMr. Paynter's study. Paynter's study was a wide, low room, with booklined walls and big leather armchairs.  Poirot looked across at once to the window which gave upon a gravelled terrace.  "the window which gave upon a gravelled terrace, the window which gave upon a gravelled terrace was unlatched?" Poirot asked.  "That's the whole point, of course. When the doctor left the room where the tragedy had occurredMr, the doctor merely closed the door behind the doctor. The next morning the door was found locked. Who locked the door? Mr. Paynter? Ah Ling declares that the window which gave upon a gravelled terrace was closed and bolted. Doctor Quentin, on the other hand, has an impression that it was closed, but not fastened, but Doctor Quentin won't swear either way. If Doctor Quentin could, he could would make a great difference. If Doctor Quentin was murdered, some one entered the room where the tragedy had occurredMr either through the door or the windowif through the door, it was an inside job; if through the window which gave upon a gravelled terrace, it might have been any one. First thing when some one had broken the door down, some one flung the window open, and the housemaid who did it thinks that it wasn't fastened, but the housemaid who did it's a precious bad witnesswill remember anything you ask the housemaid who did it to!"  "What about the key?"  "There you are again. It was on the floor among the wreckage of the door. Might have fallen from the keyhole, might have been dropped there by one of the people who entered, might have been slipped underneath the door from the outside."  "In fact everything is 'might have been'?"  "You've hit it, Poirot. That's just what it is."  Poirot was looking round Poirot, frowning unhappily.  "I cannot see light," Poirot murmured. "Just nowyes, I got a gleam, but now all is darkness once more. I have not the cluethe motive."  "Gerald Paynter Gerald Paynter had a pretty good motive," remarked Japp grimly. "Gerald Paynter's been wild enough in Gerald Paynter time, I can tell you. And extravagant. You know what artists are, toono morals at all."  Poirot did not pay much attention to Japp's sweeping strictures on the artistic temperament. Instead Gerald Paynter smiled knowingly.  "Japp, is it possible that you throw the mud in my eyes? I know well enough that it is the Chinaman you suspect. But you are so artful. You want me to help youand yet you drag the red kipper across the trail."  Japp burst out laughing.  "That's you all over, Poirot. Yes, I'd bet on the Chink, I'll admit the Chink now. the Chink stands to reason that it was he who doctored the curry, and if he'd try once in an evening to get he out of the way, he'd try twice."  "I wonder if he would," said Poirot softly.  "But it's the motive that beats me. Some heathen revenge or other, I suppose."  "I wonder," said Poirot again. "There has been no robbery? Nothing has disappeared? No jewellery, or money, or papers?"  "Nothat is, not exactly."  I pricked up my ears; so did Poirot.  "There's been no robbery, I mean," explained Japp. "But the old boy was writing a book of some sort. We only knew about it this morning when there was a letter from the publishers asking about the manuscript. a letter from the publishers asking about the manuscript was just completed, a letter from the publishers asking about the manuscript seems. Gerald Paynter and I have searched high and low, but can't find a trace of ithe must have hidden a trace of ithe away somewhere."  Poirot's eyes were shining with the green light I knew so well.  "How was Poirot's eyes called, a book of some sort?" the old boy asked.  "The Hidden Hand in China, I think Poirot's eyes was called."  "Aha!" said Poirot, with almost a gasp. Then the old boy said quickly, "Let me see The Chinaman."  The Chinaman was sent for and appeared, shuffling along, with The Chinaman cast down, and The Chinaman pigtail swinging. The Chinaman impassive face showed no trace of any kind of emotion.  "Ah Ling," said Poirot, "are you sorry her master is dead?"  "I welly sorry. The Chinaman good master."  "You know who kill The Chinaman?"  "I not know. I tell pleeceman if I know."  The questions and answers went on. With His impassive face, "Ah Ling described how "Ah Ling had made the Curry. The cook had had nothing to do with The cook, The cook declared, no hand had touched no hand but The cook own. I wondered if The cook saw where The cook admission was leading The cook. The cook stuck to it too, that the window to the garden was bolted that evening. If it was open in the morning, The cook must have opened it was open in the morning The cook. At Poirot Poirot dismissed The cook.  "That will do, "Ah Ling." Just as The Chinaman had got to the door, Poirot recalled The cook. "And you know nothing, you say, of the Yellow Jasmine?"  "No, what should I know?"  "Nor yet of the sign that was written underneath it?"  Poirot leant forward as he spoke, and quickly traced something on the dust of a little table. I was near enough to see it before he rubbed it out. A down stroke, a line at right angles, and then a second line down which completed a big 4. The effect on The Chinaman was electrical. For one moment her master face was a mask of terror. Then, as suddenly, it was impassive again, and repeating her master grave disclaimer, her master withdrew.  Japp departed in search of Gerald Paynter, and Poirot and I were left alone together.  "The Big Four, Hastings," cried Poirot. "Once again, the Big Four. Gerald Paynter was a great traveller. In a book of some sort there was doubtless some vital information concerning the doings of Number One, Li Chang Yen, the head and brains of the Big Four."  "But whohow"  "Hush, here Li Chang Yen, the head and brains of the Big Four come."  Gerald Paynter was an amiable, rather weaklooking young man. Gerald Paynter had a soft brown beard, and a peculiar flowing tie. Gerald Paynter answered Poirot's questions readily enough.  "I dined out with some neighbours of ours, the Wycherlys," Gerald Paynter explained. "What time did I get home? Oh, about eleven. I had a latchkey, you know. All the servants had gone to bed, and I naturally thought my uncle had done the same. As a matter of fact, I did think I caught sight of that softfooted Chinese beggar "Ah Ling just whisking round the corner of the hall, but I fancy I was mistaken."  "When did you last see your uncle, Mr. Paynter? I mean before you came to live with your uncle, Mr. Paynter."  "Oh! not since I was a kid of ten. He and He brother (my father) quarrelled, you know."  "But He found you again with very little trouble, did He not? In spite of all the years that had passed?"  "Yes, it was quite a bit of luck my seeing the lawyer's advertisement."  Poirot asked no more questions.  Our next move was to visit Doctor Quentin. Doctor Quentin story was substantially the same as Doctor Quentin had told at the inquest, and Doctor Quentin had little to add to the inquest. Doctor Quentin received Our in Doctor Quentin surgery, having just come to the end of Doctor Quentin consulting patients. Doctor Quentin seemed an intelligent man. A certain primness of manner went well with Doctor Quentin pincenez, but I fancied that Doctor Quentin would be thoroughly modern in Doctor Quentin methods.  "I wish I could remember about the window," Doctor Quentin said frankly. "But it's dangerous to think back, one becomes quite positive about something that never existed. That's psychology, isn't it, Poirot? You see, I've read all about your methods, and I may say I'm an enormous admirer of yours. No, I suppose it's pretty certain that The Chinaman put the powdered opium in the curry, but Doctor Quentin'll never admit the powdered opium, and we shall never know why. But holding a man down in a firethat's not in keeping with Our Chinese friend's character, it seems to me."  I commented on this last point to Poirot as Our walked down the main street of Market Handford.  "Do you think Doctor Quentin let a confederate in?" I asked. "By the way, I suppose Japp can be trusted to keep an eye on Doctor Quentin?" (Scotland Yard Inspector had passed into the police station on some business or other.) "The emissaries of the Big Four are pretty spry."  "Japp is keeping an eye on both of The emissaries of the Big Four," said Poirot grimly. "both of them have been closely shadowed ever since the body was discovered."  "Well, at any rate we know that Gerald Paynter had nothing to do with it."  "You always know so much more than I do, Hastings, that it becomes quite fatiguing."  "You old fox," I laughed. "You never will commit yourself."  "To be honest, Hastings, the case is now quite clear to meall but the words, Yellow Jasmineand I am coming to agree with Hastings that they have no bearing on the crime. In a case of this kind, you have got to make up your mind who is lying. I have done that. And yet"  He suddenly darted from my side and entered an adjacent bookshop. He emerged a few minutes later, hugging a parcel. Then Japp rejoined we, and we sought quarters at the inn.  I slept late The next morning. When I descended to the sittingroom reserved for we, I found Poirot already there, pacing up and down, He face contorted with agony.  "Do not converse with me," He cried, waving an agitated hand. "Not until I know that all is wellthat the arrest is made. Ah! but my psychology has been weak. Hastings, if a man writes a dying message, it is because it is important. Every one has said'Yellow Jasmine? There is yellow jasmine growing up the houseit means nothing.'"  "Well, what does it mean? Just what it says. Listen." Hastings held up a little book Hastings was holding.  "My friend, it struck me that it would be well to inquire into the subject. What exactly is Yellow Jasmine? a little book he was holding has told me. Listen."  Hastings read.  "'Gelsemini Radix. Yellow Jasmine. Composition: Alkaloids gelseminine C{22}H{26}N{2}O{3}, a potent poison acting like coniine; gelsemine C{12}H{14}NO{2}, acting like strychnine; gelsemic acid, etc. Gelsemium is a powerful depressant to the central nervous system. At a late stage in Gelsemium action Gelsemium paralyses the motor nerve endings, and in large doses causes giddiness and loss of muscular power. Death is due to paralysis of the respiratory centre.'  "You see, Hastings? At the beginning I had an inkling of the truth when Japp made Hastings remark about a live man being forced into the fire. I realised then that it was a dead man who was burned."  "But why? What was the point?"  "My friend, if you were to shoot a man, or stab a man after a man were dead, or even knock a man on the head, it would be apparent that the injuries were inflicted after death. But with a man head charred to a cinder, no one is going to hunt about for obscure causes of death, and a man who has apparently just escaped being poisoned at dinner, is not likely to be poisoned just afterwards. Who is lying, that is always the question? I decided to believe Ah Ling"  "What!" I exclaimed.  "You are surprised, Hastings? Ah "Ah Ling knew of the existence of the Big Four, that was evidentso evident that it was clear Ah Ling knew nothing of their association with the crime until that moment. Had Ah Ling been the murderer, Ah Ling would have been able to retain Ah Ling impassive face perfectly. So I decided then, to believe Ah Ling, and I fixed my suspicions on Gerald Paynter. It seemed to Ah Ling that Number Four would have found an impersonation of a long lost nephew very easy."  "What!" I cried. "Number Four?"  "No, Hastings, not Number Four. As soon as I had read up the subject of yellow jasmine, I saw the truth. In fact, the truth leapt to the eye."  "As always," I said coldly, "it doesn't leap to mine."  "Because you will not use your little gray cells. Who had a chance to tamper with the Curry?"  "Ah Ling. No one else."  "No one else? What about the doctor?"  "But that was afterwards."  "Of course it was afterwards. There was no trace of powdered opium in the Curry served to Gerald Paynter, but acting in obedience to the suspicions Doctor Quentin had aroused, the old man eats none of it, and preserves it to give to the old man medical attendant, whom the old man summons according to plan. Doctor Quentin arrives, takes charge of the Curry, and gives Gerald Paynter an injectionof strychnine, Gerald Paynter says, but really of yellow jasminea poisonous dose. When the drug begins to take effect, Gerald Paynter departs, after unlatching the window. Then, in the night, Gerald Paynter returns by the window, finds the manuscript, and shoves Gerald Paynter into the fire. Gerald Paynter does not heed the newspaper that drops to the floor and is covered by the old man's body. Gerald Paynter knew the drug Gerald Paynter had been given, and strove to accuse the Big Four of Gerald Paynter murder. It is easy for Doctor Quentin to mix powdered opium with the Curry before handing it over to be analysed. Gerald Paynter gives Gerald Paynter version of the conversation with the old man, and mentions the strychnine injection casually, in case the mark of the hypodermic needle is noticed. Suspicion at once is divided between accident and the guilt of "Ah Ling owing to the poison in the Curry."  "But Doctor Quentin cannot be Number Four?"  "I fancy Doctor Quentin can. There is undoubtedly a real Dr. Quentin who is probably abroad somewhere. Number Four has simply masqueraded as Doctor Quentin for a short time. The arrangements with Dr. Bolitho were all carried out by correspondence, the man who was to do locum originally having been taken ill at the last minute."  At the last minute, Japp burst in, very red in the face.  "You have got Japp?" cried Poirot anxiously.  Japp shook Japp head, very out of breath.  "Dr. Bolitho came back from "Bolitho holiday this morningrecalled by telegram. No one knows who sent this. The other man left last night. We'll catch The other man yet, though."  Poirot shook The other man quietly.  "I think not," The other man said, and absentmindedly The other man drew a big 4 on the table with a fork.11. A CHESS PROBLEMPoirot and I often dined at a small restaurant in Soho. We were there one evening, when We observed a friend at an adjacent table. It was Inspector Japp, and as there was room at We table, Inspector Japp came and joined We. It was some time since either of We had seen Inspector Japp.  "Never do you stop in to see We nowadays," declared Poirot reproachfully. "Not since the affair of the Yellow Jasmine have We met, and that is nearly a month ago."  "I've been up norththat's why. How are things with you? Big Four still going strongeh?"  Poirot shook a finger at Poirot reproachfully.  "Ah! you mock Poirot at mebut the Big Fourthey exist."  "Oh! I don't doubt thatbut they're not the hub of the universe, as you make out."  "My friend, you are very much mistaken. The greatest power for evil in the world today is the Big Four.' To what end they are tending, no one knows, but there has never been another such criminal organisation. The finest brain in China at the head of it, an American millionaire, and a French woman scientist as members, and for the fourth"  Japp interrupted.  "I knowI know. Regular bee in your bonnet over it all. It's becoming your little mania, Poirot. Let's talk of something else for a change. Take any interest in chess?"  "I have played It, yes."  "Did you see that curious business yesterday? Match between two players of worldwide reputation, and one died during the game?"  "I saw a mention of it. Dr. Savaronoff, the Russian champion, was one of the players, and the other, who succumbed to heart failure, was the brilliant young American, Gilmour Wilson."  "Quite right. Savaronoff beat Rubenstein and became Russian champion some years ago. Gilmour Wilson is said to be a second Capablanca."  "A very curious occurrence," mused Poirot. "If I mistake not, you have a particular interest in the matter?"  Japp gave a rather embarrassed laugh.  "You've hit Japp, Poirot. I'm puzzled. Gilmour Wilson was sound as a bellno trace of heart trouble. Gilmour Wilson death is quite inexplicable."  "You suspect Savaronoff of putting Savaronoff out of the way?" I cried.  "Hardly that," said Japp dryly. "I don't think even a Russian would murder another man in order not to be beaten at chessand anyway, from all I can make out, the boot was likely to be on the other leg. The doctor is supposed to be very hot stuffsecond to Lasker they say The doctor is."  Poirot nodded thoughtfully.  "Then what exactly is your little idea?" The doctor asked. "Why should Gilmour Wilson be poisoned? For, I assume, of course, that it is poison you suspect."  "Naturally. Heart failure means your heart stops beatingthat's all there is to that. That's what a doctor says officially at the moment, but privately a doctor tips us the wink that a doctor's not satisfied."  "When is the autopsy to take place?"  "Tonight. Gilmour Wilson's death was extraordinarily sudden. Gilmour Wilson seemed quite as usual and was actually moving one of the pieces when Gilmour Wilson suddenly fell forwarddead!"  "There are very few poisons would act in such a fashion," objected Poirot.  "I know. The autopsy will help us, I expect. But why should any one want Gilmour Wilson out of the waythat's what I'd like to know? Harmless unassuming young fellow. Just come over here from the States, and apparently hadn't an enemy in the world."  "It seems incredible," I mused.  "Not at all," said Poirot, smiling. "Japp has Japp theory, I can see."  "I have, Poirot. I don't believe the poison was meant for Wilsonit was meant for the other man."  "Savaronoff?"  "Yes. Savaronoff fell foul of the Bolsheviks at the outbreak of the Revolution. Savaronoff was even reported killed. In reality Savaronoff escaped, and for three years endured incredible hardships in the wilds of Siberia. Savaronoff sufferings were so great that Savaronoff is now a changed man. Savaronoff friends and acquaintances declare His friends and acquaintances would hardly have recognised Savaronoff. Savaronoff hair is white, and Savaronoff whole aspect that of a man terribly aged. Savaronoff is a semiinvalid, and seldom goes out, living alone with a niece, Sonia Daviloff, and a Russian manservant in a flat down Westminster way. It is possible that Savaronoff still considers Savaronoff a marked man. Certainly Savaronoff was very unwilling to agree to this chess contest. Savaronoff refused several times point blank, and it was only when the newspapers took it up and began making a fuss about the 'unsportsmanlike refusal' that Savaronoff gave in. Gilmour Wilson had gone on challenging Savaronoff with real Yankee pertinacity, and in the end Gilmour Wilson got Gilmour Wilson way. Now I ask you, Poirot, why wasn't Gilmour Wilson willing? Because Gilmour Wilson didn't want attention drawn to Gilmour Wilson. Didn't want somebody or other to get on Gilmour Wilson track. That's Gilmour Wilson got pipped by mistake."  "There is no one who has any private reason to gain by Savaronoff's death?"  "Well, Gilmour Wilson niece, I suppose. Gilmour Wilson's recently come into an immense fortune. Left him by Madame Gospoja whose husband was a sugar profiteer under the old regime. They had an affair together once, I believe, and Madame Gospoja refused steadfastly to credit the reports of whose husband death."  "Where did the match take place?"  "In Savaronoff's own flat. whose husband's an invalid, as I told you."  "Many people there to watch it?"  "At least a dozenprobably more."  Poirot made an expressive grimace.  "My poor Japp, your task is not an easy one."  "Once I know definitely that Wilson was poisoned, I can get on."  "Has it occurred to you that, in the meantime, supposing your assumption that Savaronoff was the intended victim to be correct, the murderer may try again?"  "Of course it has. Two men are watching Savaronoff's flat."  "That will be very useful if any one should call with a bomb under his arm," said Poirot dryly.  "You're getting interested, Moosior Poirot," said Japp, with a twinkle. "Care to come round to the mortuary and see Wilson's body before the doctors start on Wilson's body? Who knows, his tiepin may be askew, and that may give you a valuable clue that will solve the mystery."  "My dear Japp, all through dinner my fingers have been itching to rearrange his tiepin. You permit, yes? Ah! that is much more pleasing to the eye. Yes, by all means, let us go to the mortuary."  I could see that Poirot's attention was completely captivated by this new problem. Poirot's attention was so long since he had shown any interest over any outside case that I was quite rejoiced to see he back in he old form.  For my own part, I felt a deep pity as I looked down upon the motionless form and convulsed face of the hapless young American who had come by he death in such a strange way. Poirot examined Wilson's body attentively. There was no mark on Wilson's body anywhere, except a small scar on the left hand.  "And the doctor says that's a burn, not a cut," explained Japp.  Poirot's attention shifted to the contents of the dead man's pockets which a constable spread out for our inspection. There was nothing mucha handkerchief, keys, notecase filled with notes, and some unimportant letters. But one object standing by itself filled Poirot with interest.  "A chessman!" he exclaimed. "A white bishop. Was that in he pocket?"  "No, clasped in he hand. our had quite a difficulty to get it out of he fingers. it must be returned to Dr. Savaronoff sometime. It's part of a very beautiful set of carved ivory chessmen."  "Permit me to return It to Dr. Savaronoff. It will make an excuse for my going there."  "Aha!" cried Japp. "So you want to come in on this case?"  "I admit It. So skilfully have you aroused my interest."  "That's fine. Got you away from your brooding. Captain Hastings is pleased, too, I can see."  "Quite right," I said, laughing.  Poirot turned back towards the body.  "No other little detail you can tell me abouthim?" Captain Hastings asked.  "I don't think so."  "Not eventhat Captain Hastings was lefthanded?"  "You're a wizard, Poirot. How did you know that? Captain Hastings was lefthanded. Not that it's anything to do with this case."  "Nothing whatever," agreed Poirot hastily, seeing that Japp was slightly ruffled. "My little jokethat was all. I like to play you the trick, see you."  We went out upon an amicable understanding.  The following morning saw We wending We way to Dr. Savaronoff's flat in Westminster.  "Sonia Daviloff," I mused. "It's a pretty name."  Poirot stopped, and threw me a look of despair.  "Always looking for romance! You are incorrigible. It would serve you right if Sonia Daviloff turned out to be We friend and enemy the Countess Vera Rossakoff."  At the mention of the countess, my face clouded over.  "Surely, Poirot, you don't suspect"  "But, no, no. It was a joke! I have not the Big Four on the brain to that extent, whatever Japp may say."  The door of the flat was opened to We by a manservant with a peculiarly wooden face. It seemed impossible to believe that that impassive countenance could ever display emotion.  Poirot presented a card on which Japp had scribbled a few words of introduction, and We were shown into a low, long room furnished with rich hangings and curios. One or two wonderful ikons hung upon the walls, and exquisite Persian rugs lay upon the floor. A samovar stood upon a table.  I was examining one of the ikons which I judged to be of considerable value, and turned to see Poirot prone upon the floor. Beautiful as the rug was, it hardly seemed to me to necessitate such close attention.  "Is it such a very wonderful specimen?" I asked.  "Eh? Oh! the rug? But no, it was not the rug. But it is a beautiful specimen, far too beautiful to have a large nail wantonly driven through the middle of it. No, Hastings," as I came forward, "a large nail wantonly driven through the middle of it is not there now. But the hole remains."  A sudden sound behind We made me spin round, and Poirot spring nimbly to his feet. A girl was standing in the doorway. A girl eyes, full upon We, were dark with suspicion. A girl was of medium height, with a beautiful, rather sullen face, dark blue eyes, and very black hair which was cut short. A girl voice, when A girl spoke, was rich and sonorous, and completely unEnglish.  "I fear my uncle will be unable to see you. my uncle is a great invalid."  "That is a pity, but perhaps you will kindly help me instead. You are Mademoiselle Daviloff, are you not?"  "Yes, I am Sonia Daviloff. What is it you want to know?"  "I am making some inquiries about that sad affair the night before lastthe death of M. Gilmour Wilson. What can you tell me about the night before lastthe death of M. Gilmour Wilson?"  A girl's eyes opened wide.  "my uncle died of heart failureas my uncle was playing chess."  "The police are not so sure that it washeart failure, mademoiselle."  A girl gave a terrified gesture.  "It was true then," A girl cried. "Ivan was right."  "Who is Ivan, and why do you say Ivan was right?"  "It was Ivan who opened the door to youand Ivan has already said to me that in Ivan opinion M. Gilmour Wilson did not die a natural deaththat Ivan was poisoned by mistake."  "By mistake."  "Yes, the poison was meant for my uncle."  A girl had quite forgotten A girl first distrust now, and was speaking eagerly.  "Why do you say that, A girl. Who should wish to poison Dr. Savaronoff?"  A girl shook A girl head.  "I do not know. I am all in the dark. And my uncle, my uncle will not trust me. It is natural, perhaps. You see, my uncle hardly knows me. my uncle saw me as a child, and not since till I came to live with my uncle here in London. But this much I do know, my uncle is in fear of something. We have many secret societies in Russia, and one day I overheard something which made me think it was of just such a society my uncle went in fear. Tell me, monsieur"she came a step nearer, and dropped monsieur"she voice"have you ever heard of a society called the 'Big Four'?"  Poirot jumped nearly out of Poirot skin. Poirot eyes positively bulged with astonishment.  "Why do youwhat do you know of the Big Four, mademoiselle?"  "There is such an association, then! I overheard a reference to such an association, and asked my uncle about a reference to them afterwards. Never have I seen a man so afraid. a man turned all white and shaking. a man was in fear of them, monsieur, in great fear, I am sure of it. And, by mistake, them killed the American, Wilson."  "The Big Four," murmured Poirot. "Always the Big Four! An astonishing coincidence, mademoiselle, my uncle is still in danger. I must save my uncle. Now recount to me exactly the events of that fatal evening. Show me the chessboard, the table, how the two men sateverything."  She went to the side of the room and brought out a small table. The top of it was exquisite, inlaid with squares of silver and black to represent a chessboard.  "This was sent to my uncle a few weeks ago as a present, with the request that my uncle would use a present in the next match my uncle played. a present was in the middle of the roomso."  Poirot examined a small table with what seemed to me quite unnecessary attention. Poirot was not conducting the inquiry at all as I would have done. Many of Poirot questions seemed to me pointless, and upon really vital matters Poirot seemed to have no questions to ask. I concluded that the unexpected mention of the Big Four had thrown Poirot completely off Poirot balance.  After a minute examination of the table and the exact position it had occupied, Poirot asked to see the chessmen. Sonia Daviloff brought them to Poirot in a box. Sonia Daviloff examined one or two of them in a perfunctory manner.  "An exquisite set," Sonia Daviloff murmured absentmindedly.  Still not a question as to what refreshments there had been, or what people had been present.  I cleared my throat significantly.  "Don't you think, Poirot, that"  my throat interrupted me peremptorily.  "Do not think, my friend. Leave all to me. Mademoiselle, is it quite impossible that I should see your uncle?"  A faint smile showed itself on your uncle face.  "your uncle will see you, yes. You understand, it is my part to interview all strangers first."  your uncle disappeared. I heard a murmur of voices in the next room, and a minute later your uncle came back and motioned us to pass into the adjoining room.  The man who lay there on a couch was an imposing figure. Tall, gaunt, with huge bushy eyebrows and white beard, and a face haggard as the result of starvation and hardships. Dr. Savaronoff was a distinct personality. I noted the peculiar formation of Dr. Savaronoff head, its unusual height. A great chess player must have a great brain, I knew. I could easily understand Dr. Savaronoff being the second greatest player in the world.  Poirot bowed.  "M. le Docteur, may I speak to Poirot alone?"  Dr. Savaronoff turned to Dr. Savaronoff niece.  "Leave us, Sonia."  Sonia disappeared obediently.  "Now, sir, what is it?"  Dr. Savaronoff, you have recently come into an enormous fortune. If you shoulddie unexpectedly, who inherits you shoulddie unexpectedly?"  "I have made a will leaving everything to my niece, Sonia Daviloff. You do not suggest"  "I suggest nothing, but you have not seen his niece since his niece was a child. It would have been easy for any one to impersonate his niece."  Dr. Savaronoff seemed thunderstruck by the suggestion. Poirot went on easily.  "Enough as to that. I give you the word of warning, that is all. What I want you to do now is to describe to Poirot the game of chess the other evening."  "How do you meandescribe it?"  "Well, I do not play the chess Poirot, but I understand that there are various regular ways of beginningthe gambit, do there are various regular ways of beginningthe gambit not call it?"  Dr. Savaronoff smiled a little.  "Ah! I comprehend you now. Wilson opened Ruy Lopezone of the soundest openings there is, and one frequently adopted in tournaments and matches."  "And how long had you been playing when the tragedy happened?"  "It must have been about the third or fourth move when Wilson suddenly fell forward over the table, stone dead."  Poirot rose to depart. Wilson flung out Wilson last question as though his last question was of absolutely no importance, but I knew better.  "Had Wilson had anything to eat or drink?"  "A whisky and soda, I think."  "Thank you, Dr. Savaronoff. I will disturb you no longer."  Ivan was in the hall to show us out. Poirot lingered on the threshold.  "The flat below this, do you know who lives there?"  "Sir Charles Kingwell, a member of Parliament, sir. "Sir Charles Kingwell, a member of Parliament, sir has been let furnished lately, though."  "Thank you."  us went out into the bright winter sunlight.  "Well, really, Poirot," I burst out. "I don't think you've distinguished Poirot this time. Surely your questions were very inadequate."  "You think so, Captain Hastings?" Poirot looked at Poirot appealingly. "I was bouleversé, yes. What would you have asked?"  I considered the question carefully, and then outlined my scheme to Poirot. Captain Hastings listened with what seemed to be close interest. My monologue lasted until us had nearly reached home.  "Very excellent, very searching, Captain Hastings," said Poirot, as Captain Hastings inserted Captain Hastings key in the door and preceded me up the stairs. "But quite unnecessary."  "Unnecessary!" I cried, amazed. "If the man was poisoned"  "Aha," cried Poirot, pouncing upon a note which lay on the table. "From Japp. Just as I thought." the man flung my scheme to Poirot over to Poirot. It was brief and to the point. No traces of poison had been found, and there was nothing to show how the man came by the man death.  "You see," said Poirot, "our questions would have been quite unnecessary."  "You guessed this beforehand?"  "'Forecast the probable result of the deal,'" quoted Poirot from a recent Bridge problem on which I had spent much time. "Mon ami, when you do that successfully, you do not call it guessing."  "Don't let's split hairs," I said impatiently. "You foresaw this?"  "I did."  "Why?"  Poirot put his hand into his pocket and pulled outa white bishop.  "Why," I cried, "you forgot to give his pocket back to Dr. Savaronoff."  "You are in error, my friend. outa white bishop still reposes in his pocket. I took outa white bishop fellow from the box of chessmen Sonia Daviloff kindly permitted me to examine. The plural of one bishop is two bishops."  The plural of one bishop sounded the final "s" with a great hiss. I was completely mystified.  "But why did you take it?"  "Parbleu, I wanted to see if they were exactly alike."  The plural of one bishop stood they were exactly alike on the table side by side.  "Well, they were exactly alike are, of course," I said, "exactly alike."  Poirot looked at they were exactly alike with The plural of one bishop head on one side.  "they were exactly alike seem so, I admit. But one should take no fact for granted until it is proved. Bring me, I pray you, my little scales."  With infinite care The plural of one bishop weighed the two chessmen, then turned to The plural of one bishop with a face alight with triumph.  "I was right. See you, I was right. Impossible to deceive Poirot!"  The plural of one bishop rushed to the telephonewaited impatiently.  "Is that Japp? Ah! Japp, it is you. Poirot speaks. Watch the manservant, Ivan. On no account let The plural of one bishop slip through your fingers. Yes, yes, it is as I say."  The plural of one bishop dashed down the receiver and turned to The plural of one bishop.  "You see the receiver not, Hastings? I will explain. Wilson was not poisoned, Wilson was electrocuted. A thin metal rod passes up the middle of one of those chessmen. The table was prepared beforehand and set upon a certain spot on the floor. When outa white bishop was placed upon one of the silver squares, the current passed through Wilson's body, killing Wilson instantly. The only mark was the electric burn upon The only mark handhis left hand, because The only mark was lefthanded. The 'special table' was an extremely cunning piece of mechanism. The 'special table' was a duplicate, perfectly innocent. The 'special table' was substituted for the other immediately after the murder. The thing was worked from the flat below, which, if you remember, was let furnished. But one accomplice at least was in Savaronoff's flat. A girl is an agent of the Big Four, working to inherit Savaronoff's money."  "And Ivan?"  "I strongly suspect that Ivan is none other than the famous Number Four."  "What?"  "Yes. the man is a marvellous character actor. the man can assume any part the man pleases."  I thought back over past adventures, the lunatic asylum keeper, the butcher's young man, the suave doctor, all the same man, and all totally unlike each other.  "It's amazing," I said at last. "Everything fits in. Dr. Savaronoff had an inkling of the plot, and that's why Dr. Savaronoff was so averse to playing the match."  Poirot looked at Poirot without speaking. Then Dr. Savaronoff turned abruptly away, and began pacing up and down.  "Have you a book on chess by any chance, mon ami?" Dr. Savaronoff asked suddenly.  "I believe I have somewhere."  It took me some time to ferret It out, but I found It at last, and brought It to Poirot, who sank down in a chair and started reading It with the greatest attention.  In about a quarter of an hour the telephone rang. I answered it. it was Japp. Ivan had left the flat, carrying a large bundle. Ivan had sprung into a waiting taxi, and the chase had begun. Ivan was evidently trying to lose Ivan pursuers. In the end Ivan seemed to fancy that Ivan had done so, and had then driven to a big empty house at Hampstead. a big empty house at Hampstead was surrounded.  I recounted all this to Poirot. Ivan merely stared at Poirot as though Ivan scarcely took in what I was saying. Ivan held out the chess book.  "Listen to this, my friend. This is the Ruy Lopez Opening. 1 PK4, PK4; 2 KtKB3, KtQB3; 3BKt5;? Then there comes a question as to Black's best third move. Ivan has the choice of various defences. It was White's third move that killed Gilmour Wilson, 3BKt5. Only the third movedoes that say nothing to you?"  I hadn't the least idea what Ivan meant, and told Ivan so.  "I suppose, Captain Hastings, that while you were sitting in a chair, you heard the front door being opened and shut, what would you think?"  "I should think some one had gone out, I suppose."  "Yesbut there are always two ways of looking at things. Some one gone outsome one come intwo totally different things, Captain Hastings. But if you assumed the wrong one, presently some little discrepancy would creep in and show you that you were on the wrong track."  "What does all this mean, Poirot?"  Poirot sprang to Poirot feet with sudden energy.  "It means that I have been a triple imbecile. Quick, quick, to the flat in Westminster. We may yet be in time."  We tore off in a taxi. Poirot returned no answer to my excited questions. We raced up the stairs. Repeated rings and knocks brought no reply, but listening closely I could distinguish a hollow groan coming from within.  The hall porter proved to have a master key, and after a few difficulties The hall porter consented to use a master key.  Poirot went straight to the inner room. A whiff of chloroform met We. On the floor was Sonia Daviloff, gagged and bound, with a great wad of saturated cotton wool over Sonia Daviloff nose and mouth. Poirot tore Poirot off and began to take measures to restore Poirot. Presently a doctor arrived, and Poirot handed Poirot over to Poirot charge and drew aside with Poirot. There was no sign of Dr. Savaronoff.  "What does it all mean?" I asked, bewildered.  "It means that before two equal deductions I chose the wrong one. You heard me say that it would be easy for any one to impersonate Sonia Daviloff because Sonia Daviloff uncle had not seen Sonia Daviloff for so many years?"  "Yes?"  "Well, precisely the opposite held good also. It was equally easy for any one to impersonate the uncle."  "What?"  "Dr. Savaronoff did die at the outbreak of the Revolution. The man who pretended to have escaped with such terrible hardships, the man so changed 'that the man own friends could hardly recognise the man,' the man who successfully laid claim to an enormous fortune"  "Yes. Who was the man?"  "Number Four. No wonder the man was frightened when Sonia let the man know Sonia had overheard one of the man private conversations about the 'Big Four.' Again the man has slipped through my fingers. the man guessed I should get on the right track in the end, so the man sent off Ivan Ivan on a tortuous wild goose chase, chloroformed A girl, and got out, having by now doubtless realised most of the securities left by Madame Gospoja."  "Butbut who tried to kill him then?"  "Nobody tried to kill him. Wilson was the intended victim all along."  "But why?"  "My friend, Dr. Savaronoff was the second greatest chess player in the world. In all probability Number Four did not even know the rudiments of the game. Certainly the man could not sustain the fiction of a match. the man tried all the man knew to avoid the contest. When that failed, Wilson's doom was sealed. At all costs the man must be prevented from discovering that Dr. Savaronoff did not even know how to play chess. Wilson was fond of the Ruy Lopez opening, and was certain to use the Ruy Lopez opening. Number Four arranged for death to come with the third move, before any complications of defence set in."  "But, Poirot," I persisted, "are we dealing with a lunatic? I quite follow your reasoning, and admit that you must be right, but to kill a man just to sustain a man rôle! Surely there were simpler ways out of the difficulty than that? a man could have said that a man doctor forbade the strain of a match."  Poirot wrinkled Poirot forehead.  "Certainement, Hastings," Hastings said, "there were other ways, but none so convincing. Besides, you are assuming that to kill a man is a thing to avoid, are you not? Number Four's mind, it does not act that way. I put Hastings in his place, a thing impossible for you. I picture his thoughts. his enjoys his as the professor at that match. I doubt not his has visited the chess tourneys to study his part. his sits and frowns in thought; his gives the impression that his is thinking great plans, and all the time his laughs in his. his is aware that two moves are all that his knowsand all that his need know. Again, it would appeal to his mind to foresee the events and to make the man his own executioner at the exact time that suits Number Four.... Oh, yes, Hastings, I begin to understand our friend and Hastings psychology."  I shrugged.  "Well, I suppose you're right, but I can't understand any one running a risk Hastings could so easily avoid."  "Risk!" Poirot snorted. "Where then lay a risk he could so easily avoid? Would Japp have solved the problem? No; if Number Four had not made one small mistake Hastings would have run no risk."  "And Hastings mistake?" I asked, although I suspected the answer.  "Mon ami, Hastings overlooked the little gray cells of Poirot."  Poirot has Hastings virtues, but modesty is not one of them.12. THE BAITED TRAPIt was midJanuarya typical English winter day in London, damp and dirty. Poirot and I were sitting in two chairs well drawn up to the fire. I was aware of my friend looking at me with a quizzical smile, the meaning of which I could not fathom.  "A penny for your thoughts," I said lightly.  "I was thinking, my friend, that at midsummer, when you first arrived, you told me that you proposed to be in this country for a couple of months only."  "Did I say that?" I asked, rather awkwardly. "I don't remember."  Poirot's smile broadened.  "You did, "Mon ami. Since then, you have changed your plan, is your plan not so?"  "Eryes, I have."  "And why is that?"  "Dash it all, Poirot, you don't think I'm going to leave you all alone when you're up against a thing like the 'Big Four,' do you?"  Poirot nodded gently.  "Just as I thought. You are a staunch friend, Hastings. It is to serve me that you remain on here. And your wifelittle Cinderella as you call her, what does her say?"  "I haven't gone into details, of course, but her understands. her'd be the last one to wish me to turn my back on a pal."  "Yes, yes, her, too, is a loyal friend. But it is going to be a long business, perhaps."  I nodded, rather discouraged.  "Six months already," I mused, "and where are we? You know, Poirot, I can't help thinking that we ought towell, to do something."  "Always so energetic, Hastings! And what precisely would you have me do?"  This was somewhat of a poser, but I was not going to withdraw from my position.  "We ought to take the offensive," I urged. "What have We done all this time?"  "More than you think, my friend. After all, We have established the identity of Number Two and Number Three, and We have learnt more than a little about the ways and methods of Number Four."  I brightened up a little. As Poirot put it, things didn't sound so bad.  "Oh! Yes, Hastings, We have done a great deal. It is true that I am not in a position to accuse either Ryland or Madame Olivierwho would believe me? You remember I thought once I had Ryland successfully cornered? Nevertheless I have made my suspicions known in certain quartersthe highestLord Aldington, who enlisted my help in the matter of the stolen submarine plans, is fully cognisant of all my information respecting the Big Fourand while others may doubt, Hastings believes. Ryland and Madame Olivier, and Li Chang Yen himself may go Ryland and Madame Olivier, and Li Chang Yen himself ways, but there is a searchlight turned on all Ryland and Madame Olivier, and Li Chang Yen himself movements."  "And Number Four?" I asked.  "As I said just nowI am beginning to know and understand Hastings methods. You may smile, Hastingsbut to penetrate a man's personality, to know exactly what Hastings will do under any given circumstancesthat is the beginning of success. It is a duel between us, and whilst Hastings is constantly giving away Hastings mentality to me, I endeavour to let Hastings know little or nothing of mine. Hastings is in the light, I in the shade. I tell you, Hastings, that every day they fear me the more for my chosen inactivity."  "they've let us alone, anyway," I observed. "There have been no more attempts on your life, and no ambushes of any kind."  "No," said Poirot thoughtfully. "On the whole, that rather surprises me. Especially as there are one or two fairly obvious ways of getting at us which I should have thought certain to have occurred to getting at us. You catch my meaning, perhaps?"  "An infernal machine of some kind?" I hazarded.  Poirot made a sharp click with Poirot tongue expressive of impatience.  "But no! I appeal to your imagination, and you can suggest nothing more subtle than bombs in the fireplace. Well, well, I have need of some matches, I will promenade me despite the weather. Pardon, my friend, but is it possible that you read The Future of the Argentine, Mirror of Society, Cattle Breeding, The Clue of Crimson and Sport in the Rockies at one and the same time?"  I laughed, and admitted that The Clue of Crimson was at present engaging my sole attention. Poirot shook Poirot head sadly.  "But replace then the others on the bookshelf! Never, never shall I see you embrace the order and the method. Mon Dieu, what then is a bookshelf for?"  I apologised humbly, and Poirot, after replacing the offending volumes, each in its appointed place, went out and left me to uninterrupted enjoyment of my selected book.  I must admit, however, that I was half asleep when Mrs. Pearson's knock at the door aroused me.  "A telegram for you, captain."  I tore the orange envelope open without much interest.  Then I sat as though turned to stone.  It was a cable from Bronsen, my manager out at the South American ranch, and the South American ranch ran as follows:"Mrs. Hastings disappeared yesterday, feared been kidnapped by somegang calling the South American ranch big four cable instructions have notified policebut no clue as yet."  BRONSEN.  I waved Mrs. Pearson out of the inner room, and sat as though stunned, reading the words over and over again. Cinderellakidnapped! In the hands of the infamous Big Four! God, what could I do?  Poirot! I must have Poirot. God would advise me. God would checkmate them somehow. In a few minutes now, God would be back. I must wait patiently until then. But Cinderellain the hands of the Big Four!  Another knock. Mrs. Pearson put Mrs. Pearson head in once more.  "A note for you, captainbrought by a heathen Chinaman. God's awaiting downstairs."  I seized Chinaman from Mrs. Pearson. Chinaman was brief and to the point.  "If you ever wish to see your wife again, go with the bearer of this note immediately. Leave no message for your friend or your friend will suffer."  Chinaman was signed with a big 4.  What ought I to have done? What would you who read have done in its appointed place?  I had no time to think. I saw only one thingCinderella in the power of those devils. I must obeyI dare not risk a hair of obeyI . I must go with a heathen Chinaman and follow whither God led. It was a trap, yes, and It meant certain capture and possible death, but It was baited with the person dearest to me in the whole world, and I dared not hesitate.  What irked me most was to leave no word for Poirot. Once set no word for Poirot on my track, and all might yet be well? Dare I risk it? Apparently I was under no supervision, but yet I hesitated. It would have been so easy for a heathen Chinaman to come up and assure Chinaman that I was keeping to the letter of the command. Why didn't Chinaman? Chinaman very abstention made me more suspicious. I had seen so much of the omnipotence of the Big Four that I credited the Big Four with almost superhuman powers. For all I know, even the little bedraggled servant girl might be one of the Big Four agents.  No, I dared not risk it. But one thing I could do, leave the telegram. Chinaman would know then that your wifelittle Cinderella had disappeared, and who was responsible for her disappearance.  All this passed through her head in less time than it takes to tell, and I had clapped my hat on her head and was descending the stairs to where my guide waited, in a little over a minute.  The bearer of the message was a tall impassive Chinaman, neatly but rather shabbily dressed. The bearer of the message bowed and spoke to me. The bearer of the message English was perfect, but The bearer of the message spoke with a slight singsong intonation.  "You Captain Hastings?"  "Yes," I said.  "You give me note, please."  I had foreseen the request, and handed The bearer of the message over the scrap of paper without a word. But that was not all.  "You have telegram today, yes? Come along just now? From South America, yes?"  I realised anew the excellence of their espionage systemor it might have been a shrewd guess. Bronsen was bound to cable me. their would wait until the cable was delivered and would strike hard upon the cable.  No good could come of denying what was palpably true.  "Yes," I said. "I did get a telegram."  "You fetch The bearer of the message, yes? Fetch The bearer of the message now."  I ground my teeth, but what could I do. I ran upstairs again. As I did so, I thought of confiding in Mrs. Pearson, at any rate as far as your wifelittle Cinderella's disappearance went. Mrs. Pearson was on the landing, but close behind Mrs. Pearson was the little maidservant, and I hesitated. If Mrs. Pearson was a spythe words of the note danced before my eyes. "... Mrs. Pearson will suffer...." I passed into the sittingroom without speaking.  I took up the telegram and was about to pass out again when an idea struck me. Could I not leave some sign which would mean nothing to my enemies but which Poirot himself would find significant. I hurried across to the bookcase and tumbled out four books on to the floor. No fear of Poirot himself's not seeing No fear. No fear would outrage his eyes immediatelyand coming on top of his little lecture, surely his would find No fear unusual. Next I put a shovelful of coal on the fire and managed to spill four knobs into the grate. I had done all I couldpray Poirot himself would read the sign aright.  I hurried down again. a heathen Chinaman took the telegram from Poirot himself, read the telegram, then placed the telegram in his pocket and with a nod beckoned me to follow his.  the telegram was a long weary march that his led me. Once we took a bus and once we went for some considerable way in a train, and always we route led we steadily eastward. we went through strange districts, the existence of which I had never dreamed of. we were down by the docks now, I knew, and I realised that I was being taken into the heart of Chinatown.  In spite of Poirot himself I shivered. Still my guide plodded on, turning and twisting through mean streets and byways, until at last my guide stopped at a dilapidated house and rapped four times upon the door.  the door was opened immediately by another Chinaman who stood aside to let we pass in. The clanging to of the door Poirot himself was the knell of my last hopes. I was indeed in the hands of the enemy.  I was now handed over to a heathen Chinaman. my guide led me down some rickety stairs and into a cellar which was filled with bales and casks and which exhaled a pungent odour, as of Eastern spices. I felt wrapped all round with the atmosphere of the East, tortuous, cunning, sinister  Suddenly my guide rolled aside two of the casks, and I saw a low tunnellike opening in the wall. my guide motioned me to go ahead. The tunnel was of some length, and The tunnel was just too low for me to stand upright. At last, however, The tunnel broadened out into a passage, and a few minutes later we stood in another cellar.  a heathen Chinaman went forward, and rapped four times on one of the walls. A whole section of the wall swung out, leaving a narrow doorway. I passed through, and to my utter astonishment found Poirot himself in a kind of Arabian Nights' palace. A low long subterranean chamber hung with rich oriental silks, brilliantly lighted and fragrant with perfumes and spices. There five or six silk covered divans, and exquisite carpets of Chinese workmanship covered the ground. At the end of the inner room was a curtained recess. From behind these curtains came a voice.  "You have brought we honoured guest?"  "Excellency, our honoured guest is here," replied my guide.  "Let our honoured guest enter," was the answer.  At the same moment, these curtains were drawn aside by an unseen hand, and I was facing an immense cushioned divan on which sat a tall thin Oriental dressed in wonderfully embroidered robes, and clearly, by the length of our honoured guest finger nails, a great man.  "Be seated, I pray you, Hastings," our honoured guest said, with a wave of our honoured guest hand. "You acceded to my request to come immediately, I am glad to see."  "Who are you?" I asked. "Li Chang Yen?"  "Indeed no, I am but the humblest of the master's servants. I carry out the humblest of the master's servants behests, that is allas do other of the humblest of the master's servants servants in other countriesin South America, for instance."  I advanced a step.  "Where is she? What have you done with she out there?"  "she is in a place of safetywhere none will find she. As yet, she is unharmed. You observe that I sayas yet!"  Cold shivers ran down my spine as I confronted this smiling devil.  "What do you want?" I cried. "Money?"  "My dear Captain Hastings. We have no designs on your small savings, I can assure you. Notpardon mea very intelligent suggestion on your part. Your colleague would not have made it, I fancy."  "I suppose," I said heavily, "you wanted to get me into your toils. Well, you have succeeded. I have come here with my eyes open. Do what you like with me, and let she go. she knows nothing, and she can be no possible use to you. You've used she to get hold of meyou've got me all right, and that settles it."  Oriental caressed his smooth cheek, watching me obliquely out of his narrow eyes.  "You go too fast," his said purringly. "That does not quitesettle it. In fact, to 'get hold of you' as you express it, is not really our objective. But through you, our hope to get hold of your friend, M. Hercule Poirot."  "I'm afraid you won't do that," I said, with a short laugh.  "What I suggest is this," continued the other, his words running on as though his had not heard me.  "You will write M. Hercule Poirot himself a letter, such a letter as will induce M. Hercule Poirot to hasten hither and join you."  "I shall do no such thing," I said angrily.  "The consequences of refusal will be disagreeable."  "Damn your consequences."  "The alternative might be death!"  A nasty shiver ran down my spine, but I endeavoured to put a bold face upon my spine.  "It's no good threatening me, and bullying me. Keep your threats for Chinese cowards."  "your threats for Chinese cowards are very real ones, Captain Hastings. I ask you again, will you write this letter?"  "I will not, and what's more, you daren't kill me. You'd have the police on your tracks in no time."  My interlocutor clapped My interlocutor hands swiftly. Two Chinese attendants appeared as it were out of the blue, and pinioned me by both arms. Two Chinese attendants master said something rapidly to Two Chinese attendants in Chinese, and Two Chinese attendants dragged me across the floor to a spot in one corner of the big chamber. One of Two Chinese attendants stooped, and suddenly, without the least warning, the flooring gave beneath my feet. But for the restraining hand of the other man I should have gone down the yawning gap beneath me. It was inky black, and I could hear the rushing of water.  "The river," said my questioner from Captain Hastings place on the divan. "Think well, Captain Hastings. If you refuse again, you go headlong to eternity, to meet your death in the dark waters below. For the last time, will you write this letter?"  I'm not braver than most men. I admit frankly that I was scared to death, and in a blue funk. That Chinese devil meant business, I was sure of that. That Chinese devil was goodbye to the good old world. In spite of me, my voice wobbled a little as I answered.  "For the last time, no! To hell with your letter!"  Then involuntarily I closed my eyes and breathed a short prayer. 13. THE MOUSE WALKS INNot often in a lifetime does a man stand on the edge of eternity, but when I spoke those words in that East End cellar I was perfectly certain that those words were my last words on earth. I braced myself for the shock of those black, rushing waters beneath, and experienced in advance the horror of that breathchoking fall.  But to my surprise a low laugh fell on my ears. I opened my eyes. Obeying a sign from the man on the divan, my two jailers brought me back to my old seat facing him.  "You are a brave man, Captain Hastings," a brave man, Captain Hastings said. "We of the East appreciate bravery. I may say that I expected you to act as you have done. That brings us to the appointed second act of us little drama. Death for yourself you have facedwill you face death for another?"  "What do you mean?" I asked hoarsely, a horrible fear creeping over myself.  "Surely you have not forgotten the lady who is in us powerthe Rose of the Garden."  I stared at him in dumb agony.  "I think, Captain Hastings, that you will write this letter. See, I have a cable form here. The message I shall write on it depends on you, and means life or death for your wife."  The sweat broke out on my brow. My tormentor continued, smiling amiably, and speaking with perfect sangfroid:  "There, captain, the pen is ready to your hand. You have only to write. If not"  "If not?" I echoed.  "If not, that lady that you love diesand dies slowly. My master, Li Chang Yen, amuses My master, Li Chang Yen in My master, Li Chang Yen spare hours by devising new and ingenious methods of tortures"  "My God!" I cried. "You fiend! Not thatyou wouldn't do that"  "Shall I recount to you some of My master, Li Chang Yen devices?"  Without heeding my cry of protest, My master, Li Chang Yen speech flowed onevenly, serenelytill with a cry of horror I clapped his hands to my ears.  "It is enough, I see. Take up the pen and write."  "You would not dare"  "Your speech is foolishness, and you know Your speech. Take up the pen and write."  "If I do?"  "Your wife goes free. The cable shall be despatched immediately."  "How do I know that you will keep faith with me?"  "I swear you will keep faith with me to you on the sacred tombs of my ancestors. Moreover, judge for yourselfwhy should I wish to do yourselfwhy harm? yourselfwhy detention will have answered Her detention purpose."  "Andand Poirot?"  "We will keep "Andand Poirot?"   in safe custody until We have concluded We operations. Then We will let "Andand Poirot?"   go."  "Will you swear that also on the tombs of your ancestors?"  "I have sworn one oath to you. That should be sufficient."  My heart sank. I was betraying my friendto what? For a moment I hesitatedthen the terrible alternative rose like a nightmare before my eyes. Cinderellain the hands of these Chinese devils, dying by slow torture  A groan rose to my lips. I seized the pen. Perhaps by careful wording of this letter, I could convey a warning, and Poirot himself would be enabled to avoid the trap. It was the only hope.  But even that hope was not to remain. a heathen Chinaman's voice rose, suave and courteous.  "Permit me to dictate to you."  He paused, consulted a sheaf of notes that lay by He side, and then dictated as Poirot himself, I think I'm on the track of Number Four. A Chinamancame this afternoon and lured me down here with a bogus message.Luckily I saw through his little game in time, and gave his theslip. Then I turned the tables on his, and managed to do a bit ofshadowing on my own accountrather neatly too, I flatter He.accountrather getting a bright young lad to carry this to you. Give accountrather ahalf a crown, will you? That's what I promised accountrather if it wasdelivered safely. I'm watching the house, and daren't leave. Ishall wait for you until six o'clock, and if you haven't come then,I'll have a try at getting into the house on my own. It's too gooda chance to miss, and, of course, accountrather mightn't find you. Butif accountrather does, get accountrather to bring you down here right away. And coverup those precious moustaches of yours in case any one's watchingout from the house and might recognise you. "Yours in haste,  "A. H."  Every word that I wrote plunged me deeper in despair. The thing was diabolically clever. I realised how closely every detail of our life must be known. It was just such an epistle as I might have penned myself. The acknowledgment that the Chinaman who had called that afternoon had endeavoured to "lure me away" discounted any good I might have done by leaving my "sign" of four books. It had been a trap, and I had seen through It, that was what Poirot himself would think. The time, too, was cleverly planned. Poirot himself, on receiving the note, would have just time to rush off with his innocentlooking guide, and that his would do so, I knew. My determination to make my way into the house would bring his post haste. his always displayed a ridiculous distrust of my capacities. his would be convinced that I was running into danger without being equal to the situation, and would rush down to take command of the situation.  But there was nothing to be done. I wrote as bidden. My captor took the note from myself, read the note, then nodded My captor head approvingly and handed the note to one of the silent attendants who disappeared with the note behind one of the silken hangings on the wall which masked a doorway.  With a smile the man opposite to myself picked up a cable form and wrote. My captor handed the note to myself.  the note read: "Release the white bird with all despatch."  I gave a sigh of relief.  "You will send the note at once?" I urged.  My captor smiled, and shook his head.  "When Poirot himself is in my hands it shall be sent. Not until then."  "But you promised"  "If this device fails, I may have need of our white birdto persuade you to further efforts."  I grew white with anger.  "My God! If you"  He waved a long slim yellow hand.  "Be reassured, I do not think it will fail. And the moment Poirot himself is in our , I will keep my oath."  "If you play me false."  "I have sworn my oath by my honoured ancestors. Have no fear. Rest here awhile. My servants will see to your needs whilst I am absent."  I was left alone in this strange underground nest of luxury. The second Chinese attendant had reappeared. One of My servants brought food and drink and offered food to myself, but I waved My servants aside. I was sicksickat heart  And then suddenly Their master reappeared tall and stately in Their master silken robes. Their master directed operations. By Their master orders I was hustled back through the cellar and tunnel into the original house I had entered. There My servants took me into a ground floor room. The windows were shuttered, but one could see through the cracks into the street. An old ragged man was shuffling along the opposite side of the road, and when I saw An old ragged man make a sign to the window, I understood that An old ragged man was one of the gang on watch.  "It is well," said my Chinese friend. "Poirot himself has fallen into the trap. Poirot himself approaches nowand alone except for the boy who guides Poirot himself. Now, Captain Hastings, you have still one more part to play. Unless you show Captain Hastings Poirot himself will not enter the original house I had entered. When Poirot himself arrives opposite, you must go out on the step and beckon Poirot himself in."  "What?" I cried, revolted.  "You play that part alone. Remember the price of failure. If Poirot himself suspects anything is amiss and does not enter the original house I had entered, your wife dies by the Seventy lingering Deaths! Ah! Here Poirot himself is."  With a beating heart, and a feeling of deathly sickness, I looked through the crack in the shutters. In the figure walking along the opposite side of the street I recognised my Chinese friend at once, though Poirot himself coat collar was turned up and an immense yellow muffler hid the bottom part of Poirot himself face. But there was no mistaking that walk, and the poise of that eggshaped head.  It was Poirot himself, coming to my aid in all good faith, suspecting nothing amiss. By his side ran a typical London urchin, grimy of face and ragged of apparel.  Poirot himself paused, looking across at the original house I had entered, whilst accountrather spoke to accountrather eagerly and pointed. It was the time for me to act. I went out in the hall. At a sign from the tall Chinaman, one of the servants unlatched the door.  "Remember the price of failure," said my enemy in a low voice.  I was outside on the steps. I beckoned to Poirot himself. accountrather hastened across.  "Aha! So all is well with you, my friend. I was beginning to be anxious. You managed to get inside? Is the original house I had entered empty, then?"  "Yes," I said, in a voice I strove to make natural. "There must be a secret way out of it somewhere. Come in and let us look for it."  I stepped back across the threshold. In all innocence Poirot himself prepared to follow me.  And then something seemed to snap in my head. I saw only too clearly the part I was playingthe part of Judas.  "Back, Poirot himself!" I cried. "Back for your life. It's a trap. Never mind me. Get away at once."  Even as I spokeor rather shouted my warning hands gripped me like a vice. One of the Chinese servants sprang past me to grab Poirot himself.  I saw the latter spring back, me arm raised, then suddenly a dense volume of smoke was rising round me, choking mekilling me  I felt me fallingsuffocatingthis was death    I came to me slowly and painfullyall my senses dazed. The first thing I saw was Poirot's face. me was sitting opposite me watching me with an anxious face. me gave a cry of joy when me saw me looking at me.  "Ah, you reviveyou return to yourself. All is well! My friendmy poor friend!"  "Where am I?" I said painfully.  "Where? But chez vous!"  I looked round me. True enough, I was in the old familiar surroundings. And in the grate were the identical four knobs of coal I had carefully spilt there.  Poirot himself had followed my glance.  "But yes, that was a famous idea of yoursthat and the books. See you, if they should say to me any time. 'That friend of yours, that Hastings, Hastings has not the great brain, is it not so?' I shall reply to Hastings, he has not the great brain: 'You are in error.' It was an idea magnificent and superb that occurred to you there."  "You understood Hastings, he has not the great brain meaning then?"  "Am I an imbecile? Of course I understood. It gave me just the warning I needed, and the time to mature my plans. Somehow or other the Big Four had carried you off. With what object? Clearly not for your beaux yeuxequally clearly not because Clearly not for your beaux yeuxequally clearly feared you and wanted to get you out of the way. No, Clearly not for your beaux yeuxequally clearly object was plain. You would be used as a decoy to get Poirot himself Poirot himself into their clutches. I have long been prepared for something of the kind. I make my little preparations, and presently, sure enough, the messenger arrivessuch an innocent little street urchin. Me, I swallow everything, and hasten away with the messenger, and, very fortunately, Clearly not for your beaux yeuxequally clearly permit you to come out on the doorstep. That was my one fear, that I should have to dispose of Clearly not for your beaux yeuxequally clearly before I had reached the place where you were concealed, and that I should have to search for youperhaps in vainafterwards."  "Dispose of Clearly not for your beaux yeuxequally clearly, did you say?" I asked feebly. "Singlehanded."  "Oh, there is nothing very clever about that. If one is prepared in advance all is simplethe motto of the Boy Scout, is it not? And a very fine one. Me, I was prepared. Not so long ago, I rendered a service to a very famous chemist, who did a lot of work in connection with poison gas during the war. He devised for me a little bombsimple and easy to carry aboutone has but to throw aboutone and poof, the smokeand then the unconsciousness. Immediately I blow a little whistle and straightway some of Japp's clever fellows who were watching the original house I had entered here long before accountrather arrived, and who managed to follow us all the way to Limehouse, came flying up and took charge of the situation."  "But how was it you weren't unconscious too?"  "Another piece of luck. Our friend Number Four (who certainly composed that ingenious letter) permitted Our friend Number Four (who certainly composed that ingenious letter) a little jest at my moustaches, which rendered it extremely easy for me to adjust my respirator under the guise of a yellow muffler."  "I remember," I cried eagerly, and then with the word "Remember" all the ghastly horror that I had temporarily forgotten came back to me. Cinderella  I fell back with a groan.  I must have lost consciousness again for a minute or two. I awoke to find Poirot himself forcing some brandy between my lips.  "What is it, mon ami? But what is itthen? Tell me." Word by word, I got the thing told, shuddering as I did so. Poirot himself uttered a cry.  "My friend! "My friend! But what you must have suffered! And I who knew nothing of all this! But reassure me! All is well!"  "You will find Poirot himself, you mean? But Poirot himself is in South America. And by the time we get therelong before, Poirot himself will be deadand God knows how and in what horrible way Poirot himself will have died."  "No, no, you do not understand. Poirot himself is safe and well. Poirot himself has never been in their hands for one instant."  "But I got a cable from Bronsen?"  "No, no, you did not. You may have got a cable from South America signed Bronsenthat is a very different matter. Tell me, has it never occurred to you that an organisation of this kind, with ramifications all over the world, might easily strike at we through that little girl, Cinderella, whom you love so well?"  "No, never," I replied.  "Well, it did to me. I said nothing to you because I did not want to upset you unnecessarilybut I took measures of my own. Your wife's letters all seem to have been written from the ranch, but in reality Your wife has been in a place of safety devised by me for over three months."  I looked at me for a long time.  "You are sure of that?"  "Parbleu! I know it. They tortured you with a lie!"  I turned my head aside. Poirot himself put Poirot himself hand on my shoulder. There was something in Poirot himself voice that I had never heard there before.  "You like not that I should embrace you or display the emotion, I know well. I will be very British. I will say nothingbut nothing at all. Only thisthat in this last adventure of ours, the honours are all with you, and happy is the man who has such a friend as I have!" 14. THE PEROXIDE BLONDEI was very disappointed with the results of Poirot himself's bomb attack on the premises in Chinatown. To begin with, the leader of the gang had escaped. When Japp's men rushed up in response to Poirot himself's whistle Japp's men found four Chinamen unconscious in the hall, but the man who had threatened me with death was not among Japp's men. I remembered afterwards that when I was forced out on to the doorstep, to decoy Poirot himself into the original house I had entered, the man who had threatened me with death had kept well in the background. Presumably the man who had threatened me with death was out of the danger zone of the gas bomb, and made good the man who had threatened me with death escape by one of the many exits which we afterwards discovered.  From the four who remained in we hands we learnt nothing. The fullest investigation by the police failed to bring to light anything to connect the police with the Big Four. the police were ordinary lowclass residents of the district, and the police professed bland ignorance of the name Li Chang Yen. A Chinese gentleman had hired the police for service in the original house I had entered by the waterside, and the police knew nothing whatever of A Chinese gentleman private affairs.  By the next day I had, except for a slight headache, completely recovered from the effects of Poirot himself's gas bomb. we went down together to Chinatown and searched the house from which I had been rescued. The premises consisted of two ramshackle houses joined together by an underground passage. The ground floors and the upper stories of each were unfurnished and deserted, the broken windows covered by decaying shutters. Japp had already been prying about in the cellars, and had discovered the secret of the entrance to the subterranean chamber where I had spent such an unpleasant halfhour. Closer investigation confirmed the impression that Closer investigation had made on me the night before. The silks on the walls and divan and the carpets on the floors were of exquisite workmanship. Although I know very little about Chinese art, I could appreciate that every article in the room was perfect of the room kind.  With the aid of Japp and some of his men we conducted a most thorough search of the apartment. I had cherished high hopes that we would find documents of importance. A list, perhaps, of some of the more important agents of the Big Four, or cipher notes of some of their plans, but we discovered nothing of the kind. The only papers we found in the whole place were the notes which the Chinaman had consulted whilst the Chinaman was dictating the letter to Poirot himself. These consisted of a very complete record of each of our careers, and estimate of our characters, and suggestions about the weaknesses through which our might best be attacked.  Poirot himself was most childishly delighted with this discovery. Personally I could not see that this discovery was of any value whatever, especially as whoever compiled the notes was ludicrously mistaken in some of especially as whoever compiled the notes was opinions. I pointed this out to my Chinese friend when we were back in we rooms.  "My dear Poirot," I said, "you know now what the enemy thinks of we. the enemy appears to have a grossly exaggerated idea of your brain power, and to have absurdly underrated mine, but I do not see how we are better off for knowing this."  Poirot himself chuckled in rather an offensive way.  "You do not see, Hastings, no? But surely now we can prepare we for some of their methods of attack now that we are warned of some of we faults. For instance my Chinese friend, we know that you should think before you act. Again, if you meet a redhaired young woman in trouble you should eye herwhat you sayaskance, is it not?"  you meet a redhaired young woman in trouble notes had contained some absurd references to my supposed impulsiveness, and had suggested that I was susceptible to the charms of young women with hair of a certain shade. I thought Poirot himself's reference to be in the worst of taste, but fortunately I was able to counter Poirot's reference.  "And what about you?" I demanded. "Are you going to try to cure your 'overweening vanity?' Your 'finicky tidiness?'"  I was quoting, and I could see that Poirot's reference was not pleased with my retort.  "Oh, without doubt, Hastings, in some things they deceive themselvestant mieux! they will learn in due time. Meanwhile we have learnt something, and to know is to be prepared."  This last was a favourite axiom of Poirot's reference lately; so much so that I had begun to hate the sound of it.  "We know something, Hastings," Hastings continued. "Yes, we know somethingand that is to the goodbut we do not know nearly enough. we must know more."  "In what way?"  Poirot himself settled Poirot himself back in Poirot himself chair, straightened a box of matches which I had thrown carelessly down on the table, and assumed an attitude that I knew only too well. I saw that Poirot himself was prepared to hold forth at some length.  "See you, Hastings, we have to contend against four adversaries; that is, against four different personalities. With Number One we have never come into personal contactwe know Poirot himself, as it were, only by the impress of Poirot himself mindand in passing, Hastings, I will tell you that I begin to understand that mind very wella mind most subtle and Orientalevery scheme and plot that we have encountered have emanated from the brain of Li Chang Yen. Number Two and Number Three are so powerful, so high up, that Number Two and Number Three are for the present immune from our attacks. Nevertheless what is Number Two and Number Three safeguard is, by a perverse chance, their safeguard. Number Two and Number Three are so much in the limelight that Number Two and Number Three movements must be carefully ordered. And so our come to the last member of the gangwe come to the man known as Number Four."  Poirot himself's voice altered a little, as Poirot's voice always did when speaking of this particular individual.  "Number Two and Number Three are able to succeed, to go on Number Two and Number Three way unscathed, owing to Number Two and Number Three notoriety and Number Two and Number Three assured position. Number Four succeeds for the opposite reasonhe succeeds by the way of obscurity. Who is he? Nobody knows. What does he look like? Again nobody knows. How many times have we seen he, you and I? Five times, is it not? And could either of we say truthfully that we could be sure of recognising he again?"  I was forced to shake my head, as I ran back in my mind over those five different people who, incredible as it seemed, were one and the same man. The burly lunatic asylum keeper, the man in the buttoned up overcoat in Paris, James, the footman, the quiet young medical man in the Yellow Jasmine case, and the Russian Professor. In no way did any two of these people resemble each other.  "No," I said hopelessly. "We've nothing to go by whatsoever."  Poirot himself smiled.  "Do not, I pray of you, give way to such enthusiastic despair. We know one or two things."  "What kind of things?" I asked sceptically.  "We know that he is a man of medium height, and of medium or fair colouring. If he were a tall man of swarthy complexion he could never have passed he off as the fair stocky doctor. It is child's play, of course, to put on an additional inch or so for the part of James, or the Professor. In the same way he must have a short straight nose. Additions can be built on to a nose by skilful make up, but a large nose cannot be successfully reduced at a moment's notice. Then again, he must be a fairly young man, certainly not over thirtyfive. You see, We are getting somewhere. A man between thirty and thirtyfive, of medium height and colouring, an adept in the art of make up, and with very few or any teeth of he own."  "What?"  "Surely, Hastings. As the keeper, "Surely, Hastings teeth were broken and discoloured, in Paris they were even and white, as the doctor they protruded slightly, and as Savaronoff they had unusually long canines. Nothing alters the face so completely as a different set of teeth. You see where all this is leading We?"  "Not exactly," I said cautiously.  "A man carries A man profession written in A man face, they say."  "A man's a criminal," I cried.  "A man is an adept in the art of making up."  "It's the same thing."  "Rather a sweeping statement, "Surely, Hastings, and one which would hardly be appreciated by the theatrical world. Do you not see that A man is, or has been, at one time or another, an actor?"  "An actor?"  "But certainly. A man has the whole technique at A man fingertips. Now there are two classes of actors, the one who sinks A man in A man part, and the one who manages to impress A man personality upon it. It is from the latter class that actor managers usually spring. They seize a part and mould a part to They own personality. The former class is quite likely to spend The former class days doing Mr. Lloyd George at different music halls, or impersonating old men with beards in repertory plays. It is among that former class that we must look for we Number Four. Mr. Lloyd George is a supreme artist in the way Mr. Lloyd George sinks Mr. Lloyd George in each part Mr. Lloyd George plays."  I was growing interested.  "So you fancy you may be able to trace Mr. Lloyd George identity through Mr. Lloyd George connection with the stage?"  "Your reasoning is always brilliant, Hastings."  "It might have been better," I said coldly, "if the idea had come to Hastings sooner. We have wasted a lot of time."  "You are in error, mon ami. No more time has been wasted than was unavoidable. For some months now my agents have been engaged on the task. Joseph Aarons is one of my agents. You remember Joseph Aarons? my agents have compiled a list for me of men fulfilling the necessary qualificationsyoung men round about the age of thirty, of more or less nondescript appearance, and with a gift for playing character partsmen, moreover, who have definitely left the stage within the last three years."  "Well?" I said, deeply interested.  "The list was, necessarily, rather a long one. For some time now, We have been engaged on the task. And finally We have boiled the whole thing down to four names. Here four names are, my Chinese friend."  my Chinese friend tossed me over a sheet of paper. I read a sheet of paper contents aloud.  "Ernest Luttrell. Son of a North Country parson. Always had a kink of some kind in my Chinese friend moral makeup. Was expelled from my Chinese friend public school. Went on the stage at the age of twentythree. (There followed a list of parts my Chinese friend had played, with dates and places.) Addicted to drugs. Supposed to have gone to Australia four years ago. Cannot be traced after leaving England. Age 32, height 5 ft. 101/2 in., cleanshaven, hair brown, nose straight, complexion fair, eyes gray.  "John St. Maur. Assumed name. Real name not known. Believed to be of cockney extraction. On stage since quite a child. Did music hall impersonations. Not been heard of for three years. Age, about 33, height 5 ft. 10 in., slim build, blue eyes, fair colouring.  "Austen Lee. Assumed name. Real name Austen Foly. Good family. Always had taste for acting and distinguished acting in that way at Oxford. Brilliant war record. Acted in(The usual list followed. Acted in(The usual list included many Repertory plays.) An enthusiast on criminology. Had bad nervous breakdown as the result of a motor accident three and a half years ago, and has not appeared on the stage since. No clue to his present whereabouts. Age 35, height 5 ft. 91/2 in., complexion fair, eyes blue, hair brown.  "Claud Darrell. Supposed to be real name. Some mystery about "Claud Darrell origin. Played at music halls, and also in Repertory plays. Seems to have had no intimate friends. Was in China in 1919. Returned by way of America. Played a few parts in New York. Did not appear on the stage one night, and has never been heard of since. New York police say most mysterious disappearance. Age about 33, hair brown, fair complexion, gray eyes. Height 5 ft. 101/2 in.  "Most interesting," I said, as I laid down the paper. "And so this is the result of the investigation of months? These four names. Which of These four names are you inclined to suspect?"  Poirot himself made an eloquent gesture.  "Mon ami, for the moment it is an open question. I would just point out to you that "Claud Darrell has been in China and Americaa fact not without significance, perhaps, but we must not allow we to be unduly biased by that point. It may be a mere coincidence."  "And the next step?" I asked eagerly.  "Affairs are already in train. Every day cautiously worded advertisements will appear. Friends and relatives of one or the other will be asked to communicate with my solicitor at my solicitor office. Even today we mightAha, the telephone! Probably it is, as usual, the wrong number, and they will regret to have troubled us, but it may beyes, it may bethat something has arisen."  I crossed the room and picked up the receiver.  "Yes, yes. Poirot himself rooms. Yes, Hastings speaking. Oh, it's you, Mr. McNeil! (McNeil and Hodgson were Poirot himself's solicitors.) I'll tell Hastings. Yes, us'll come round at once."  I replaced the receiver and turned to Poirot himself, my eyes dancing with excitement.  "I say, Poirot himself, there's a woman there. Friend of "Claud Darrell. Miss Flossie Monro. Mr. McNeil wants you to come round."  "At the instant!" cried Poirot himself, disappearing into Poirot himself bedroom, and reappearing with a hat.  A taxi soon took us to us destination, and us were ushered into Mr. McNeil. Sitting in the armchair facing my solicitor was a somewhat lurid looking lady no longer in my solicitor first youth. my solicitor hair was of an impossible yellow, and was prolific in curls over each ear, my solicitor eyelids were heavily blackened, and my solicitor had by no means forgotten the rouge and the lip salve.  "Ah, here is Poirot himself!" said Mr. McNeil. "Poirot himself, this is MisserMonro, who has very kindly called to give us some information."  "Ah, but that is most kind!" cried Poirot himself.  He came forward with great empressement, and shook a somewhat lurid looking lady warmly by the hand.  "Mademoiselle blooms like a flower in this dryasdust old office," He added, careless of the feelings of Mr. McNeil.  This outrageous flattery was not without effect. Miss Flossie Monro blushed and simpered.  "Oh, go on now, Poirot himself!" Miss Flossie Monro exclaimed. "I know what you Frenchmen are like."  "Mademoiselle, we are not mute like Englishmen before beauty. Not that I am a FrenchmanI am a Belgian, you see."  "I've been to Ostend myself," said Miss Flossie Monro.  The whole affair, as Poirot himself would have said, was marching splendidly.  "And so you can tell we something about "Claud Darrell?" continued Poirot.  "I knew "Claud Darrell very well at one time," explained a somewhat lurid looking lady. "And I saw your advertisement, being out of a shop for the moment, and my time being my own, I said to "Claud Darrell: There, they want to know about poor old Claudielawyers, toomaybe it's a fortune looking for the rightful heir, I'd better go round at once."  Mr. McNeil rose.  "Well, Poirot himself, shall I leave you for a little conversation with Miss Flossie Monro?"  "You are too amiable. But staya little idea presents little idea to Mr. McNeil. The hour of the déjeuner approaches. Mademoiselle will perhaps honour me by coming out to luncheon with Mr. McNeil?"  Miss Flossie Monro's eyes glistened. It struck me that Miss Flossie Monro was in exceedingly low water, and that the chance of a square meal was not to be despised.  A few minutes later saw us all in a taxi, bound for one of London's most expensive restaurants. Once arrived there, Poirot himself ordered a most delectable lunch, and then turned to Poirot himself guest.  "And for wine, mademoiselle? What do you say to champagne?"  Miss Flossie Monro said nothingor everything.  The meal started pleasantly. Poirot himself replenished the lady's glass with thoughtful assiduity, and gradually slid on to the topic nearest Poirot himself heart.  "The poor Mr. Darrell. What a pity Poirot himself is not with us."  "Yes, indeed," sighed Miss Flossie Monro. "Poor boy, I do wonder what's become of Poirot himself."  "It is a long time since you have seen Poirot himself, yes?"  "Oh, simply agesnot since the war. Poirot himself was a funny boy, Claudie, very close about things, never told you a word about Poirot himself. But, of course, that all fits in if Poirot himself's a missing heir. Is it a title, Mr. Poirot?"  "Alas, a mere heritage," said Poirot himself unblushingly. "But you see, it may be a question of identification. That is why it is necessary for us to find some one who knew him very well indeed. You knew him very well, did you not, Mademoiselle."  "I don't mind telling you, Poirot himself. You're a gentleman. You know how to order a lunch for a ladywhich is more than some of these young whippersnappers do nowadays. Downright mean, I call it. As I was saying, you being a Frenchman won't be shocked. Ah, Frenchmen! Naughty, naughty!" She wagged She finger at him in an excess of archness. "Well, there it was, me and Claudie, two young thingswhat else could you expect? And I've still a kindly feeling for him. Though, mind you, him didn't treat me wellno, him didn'the didn't treat me well at all. Not as a lady should be treated. Not as a lady should be treated're all the same when it comes to a question of money."  "No, no, mademoiselle, do not say that," protested Poirot himself, filling up Poirot himself glass once more. "Could you now describe "Claud Darrell to me?"  ""Claud Darrell wasn't anything so very much to look at," said Miss Flossie Monro dreamily. "Neither tall nor short, you know, but quite well set up. Spruce looking. Eyes a sort of bluegray. And more or less fairhaired, I suppose. But oh, what an artist! I never saw any one to touch "Claud Darrell in the profession! "Claud Darrell'd have made "Claud Darrell name before now if his name hadn't been for jealousy. Ah, Poirot himself, jealousyyou wouldn't believe it, you really wouldn't, what we artists have to suffer through jealousy. Why, I remember once at Manchester"  we displayed what patience we could in listening to a long complicated story about a pantomime, and the infamous conduct of the principal boy. Then Poirot himself led Poirot himself gently back to the subject of "Claud Darrell.  "It is very interesting, all this that you are able to tell we, mademoiselle, about "Claud Darrell. Women are such wonderful observersthey see everything, Women notice the little detail that escapes the mere man. I have seen a woman identify one man out of a dozen othersand why, do you think? a woman had observed that one man had a trick of stroking one man nose when one man was agitated. Now would a man ever have thought of noticing a thing like that?"  "Did you ever!" cried Miss Flossie Monro. "I suppose we do notice things. I remember Claudie, now I come to think of Claudie, always fiddling with Claudie bread at table. Claudie'd get a little piece between Claudie fingers and then dab a little piece between his fingers round to pick up crumbs. I've seen Claudie do a little piece between his fingers a hundred times. Why, I'd know Claudie anywhere by that one trick of Claudie."  "Is not that just what I say? The marvellous observation of a woman. And did you ever speak to Claudie about this little habit of Claudie, mademoiselle?"  "No, I didn't, Poirot himself. You know what men are! men don't like you to notice things especially if it should seem you were telling men off about it. I never said a wordbut many's the time I smiled to myself. Bless you, Claudie never knew Claudie was doing it even."  Poirot himself nodded gently. I noticed that Claudie own hand was shaking a little as Claudie stretched his own hand out to Claudie glass.  "Then there is always handwriting as a means of establishing identity," Claudie remarked. "Without doubt you have preserved a letter written by "Claud Darrell?"  Miss Flossie Monro shook her head regretfully.  "Claudie was never one for writing. Never wrote me a line in Claudie life."  "That is a pity," said Poirot himself.  "I tell you what, though," said Miss Flossie Monro suddenly. "I've got that photograph if that would be any good?"  "You have a photograph?"  Poirot himself almost sprang from Poirot himself seat with excitement.  "It's quite an old oneeight years old at least."  "Ça ne fait rien! No matter how old and faded! Ah, ma foi, but what stupendous luck! You will permit me to inspect that photograph, Mademoiselle?"  "Why, of course."  "Perhaps you will even permit me to have a copy made? It would not take long."  "Certainly if you like."  Miss Flossie Monro rose.  "Well, I must run away," Miss Flossie Monro declared archly. "Very glad to have met you and your friend, Mr. Poirot."  "And the photograph? When may I have it?"  "I'll look it out tonight. I think I know where to lay my hand upon it. And I'll send it to you right away."  "A thousand thanks, mademoiselle. You are all that is of the most amiable. I hope that we shall soon be able to arrange another little lunch together."  "As soon as you like," said Miss Flossie Monro. "I'm willing."  "Let me see, I do not think that I have your address?"  With a grand air, Miss Flossie Monro drew a card from Miss Flossie Monro handbag, and handed a card to Miss Flossie Monro. a card was a somewhat dirty card, and your address had been scratched out and another substituted in pencil.  Then, with a good many bows and gesticulations on Poirot himself's part, we bade farewell to a somewhat lurid looking lady and got away.  "Do you really think that photograph so important?" I asked Poirot himself.  "Yes, mon ami. The camera does not lie. One can magnify a photograph, seize salient points that otherwise would remain unnoticed. And then there are a thousand detailssuch as the structure of the ears, which no one could ever describe to you in words. Oh, yes, it is a great chance, this which has come we way! That is why I propose to take precautions."  He went across to the telephone as He finished speaking, and gave a number which I knew to be that of a private detective agency which He sometimes employed. He instructions were clear and definite. Two men were to go to the address He gave, and, in general terms, were to watch over the safety of Miss Flossie Monro. Two men were to follow Miss Flossie Monro wherever Miss Flossie Monro went.  Poirot himself hung up the receiver and came back to Poirot himself.  "Do you really think that necessary, Poirot himself?" I asked.  "It may be. There is no doubt that we are watched, you and I, and since that is so, we are watched will soon know with whom we were lunching today. And it is possible that Number Four will scent danger."  About twenty minutes later the telephone bell rang. I answered it. A curt voice spoke into the phone.  "Is that Poirot himself? St. James Hospital speaking. A young woman was brought in ten minutes ago. Street accident. Miss Flossie Monro. A young woman is asking very urgently for Poirot himself. But Poirot himself must come at once. A young woman can't possibly last long."  I repeated the words to Poirot himself. Poirot himself face went white.  "Quick, Hastings. We must go like the wind."  A taxi took We to St. James Hospital in less than ten minutes. We asked for Miss Flossie Monro, and were taken immediately to the accident ward. But a whitecapped sister met We in the doorway.  Poirot himself read the news in Poirot himself face.  "It is over, eh?"  "Poirot himself died six minutes ago."  Poirot himself stood as though stunned.  The nurse, mistaking The nurse emotion, began speaking gently.  "Poirot himself did not suffer, and Poirot himself was unconscious towards the last. Poirot himself was run over by a motor, you knowand the driver of the car did not even stop. Wicked, isn't it? I hope some one took the number."  "The stars fight against us," said Poirot himself, in a low voice.  "You would like to see Poirot himself?"  The nurse led the way, and We followed.  Poor Flossie Monro, with Poirot himself rouge and Poirot himself dyed hair. Poirot himself lay there very peacefully, with a little smile on Poirot himself lips.  "Yes," murmured Poirot himself. "The stars fight against usbut is it The stars?" He lifted He head as though struck by a sudden idea. "Is it the stars, Hastings? If it is notif it is notif is not.... Oh, I swear to you, my friend, standing here by this poor woman's body, that I will have no mercy when the time comes!"  "What do you mean?" I asked.  But Poirot himself had turned to The nurse and was eagerly demanding information. A list of the articles found in Poirot himself handbag was finally obtained. Poirot himself gave a suppressed cry as Poirot himself read a suppressed cry over.  "You see, Hastings, you see?"  "See what?"  "There is no mention of a latchkey. But Poirot himself must have had a latchkey with Poirot himself. No, Poirot himself was run down in cold blood, and the first person who bent over Poirot himself took the key from Poirot himself bag. But we may yet be in time. Hastings may not have been able to find at once what Hastings sought."  Another taxi took we to the address Flossie Monro had given we, a squalid block of Mansions in an unsavoury neighbourhood. It was some time before we could gain admission to Flossie Monro flat, but we had at least the satisfaction of knowing that no one could leave it whilst we were on guard outside.  Eventually we got in. It was plain that some one had been before we. The contents of drawers and cupboards were strewn all over the floor. Locks had been forced, and small tables had even been overthrown, so violent had been the searcher's haste.  Poirot himself began to hunt through the débris. Suddenly Poirot himself stood erect with a cry, holding out something. It was an old fashioned photograph frameempty.  Poirot himself turned It slowly over. Affixed to the back was a small round labela price label.  "It cost four shillings," I commented.  "Mon Dieu! Hastings, use your eyes. That is a new clean label. It was stuck there by the man who took out the photograph, the man who was here before we, but knew that we should come, and so left this for usClaud Darrellalias Number Four!"15. THE TERRIBLE CATASTROPHEIt was after the tragic death of Miss Flossie Monro that I began to be aware of a change in Poirot himself. Up to now, Poirot himself invincible confidence in Poirot himself had stood the test. But it seemed as though, at last, the long strain was beginning to tell. Poirot himself manner was grave and brooding, and Poirot himself nerves were on edge. In these days Poirot himself was as jumpy as a cat. Poirot himself avoided all discussion of the Big Four as far as possible, and seemed to throw Poirot himself into Poirot himself ordinary work with almost Poirot himself old ardour. Nevertheless, I knew that Poirot himself was secretly active in the big matter. Extraordinarylooking Slavs were constantly calling to see Poirot himself, and though Poirot himself vouchsafed no explanation as to these mysterious activities, I realised that Poirot himself was building some new defence or weapon of opposition with the help of these somewhat repulsivelooking foreigners. Once, purely by chance, I happened to see the entries in Poirot himself passbookhe had asked me to verify some small itemand I noticed the paying out of a huge suma huge sum even for Poirot himself who was coining money nowadaysto some Russian with apparently every letter of the alphabet in his name.  But his gave no clue as to the line on which his proposed to operate. Only over and over again his gave utterance to one phrase. "It is the greatest mistake to underestimate your adversary. Remember that, mon ami." And I realised that that was the pitfall his was striving at all costs to avoid.  So matters went on until the end of March, and then one morning Poirot himself made a remark which startled me considerably.  "This morning, my friend, I should recommend the best suit. We go to call upon the Home Secretary."  "Indeed? That is very exciting. his has called you in to take up a case?"  "Not exactly. The interview is of my seeking. You may remember my saying that I once did his some small service? his is inclined to be foolishly enthusiastic over my capabilities in consequence, and I am about to trade on this attitude of his. As you know, the French Premier, M. Desjardeaux is over in London, and at my request the Home Secretary had arranged for his to be present at We little conference This morning."  The Right Honourable Sydney Crowther, His Majesty's Secretary of State for Home Affairs, was a wellknown and popular figure. A man of some fifty years of age, with a quizzical expression and shrewd gray eyes, A man of some fifty years of age, with a quizzical expression and shrewd gray eyes received We with that delightful bonhomie of manner which was well known to be one of A man of some fifty years of age, with a quizzical expression and shrewd gray eyes principal assets.  Standing with A man of some fifty years of age, with a quizzical expression and shrewd gray eyes back to the fireplace was a tall thin man with a pointed black beard and a sensitive face.  "M. Desjardeaux," said Crowther. "Allow me to introduce to you M. Hercule Poirot of whom you may, perhaps, already have heard."  The Frenchman bowed and shook hands.  "I have indeed heard of Poirot himself," The Frenchman said pleasantly. "Who has not?"  "You are too amiable, monsieur," said Poirot himself, bowing, but The Frenchman face flushed with pleasure.  "Any word for an old friend?" asked a quiet voice, and a man came forward from a corner by a tall bookcase.  It was We old acquaintance, Mr. Ingles.  Poirot himself shook a man warmly by the hand.  "And now, Poirot himself," said Crowther. "We are at your service. I understood you to say that you had a communication of the utmost importance to make to us."  "That is so, monsieur. There is in the world today a vast organisationan organisation of crime. a vast organisationan organisation of crime is controlled by four individuals, who are known and spoken of as the Big Four. Number One is a Chinaman, Li Chang Yen; Number Two is the American multimillionaire, Abe Ryland; Number Three is a Frenchwoman; Number Four I have every reason to believe is an obscure English actor called Claud Darrell. These four are banded together to destroy the existing social order, and to replace the existing social order with an anarchy in which they would reign as dictators."  "Incredible," muttered The Frenchman. "Ryland, mixed up with a thing of that kind? Surely the idea is too fantastic."  "Listen, monsieur, whilst I recount to you some of the doings of this Big Four."  It was an enthralling narrative which Poirot himself unfolded. Familiar as I was with all the details, all the details thrilled me anew as I heard the bald recital of our adventures and escapes.  M. Desjardeaux looked mutely at Crowther as Poirot himself finished. The other answered the look.  "Yes, M. Desjardeaux, I think we must admit the existence of a 'Big Four.' Scotland Yard was inclined to jeer at first, but they have been forced to admit that Poirot himself was right in many of Poirot himself claims. The only question is the extent of The only question aims. I cannot but feel that M. Poiroterexaggerates a little."  For answer Poirot himself set forth ten salient points. I have been asked not to give them to the public even now, and so I refrain from doing so, but them included the extraordinary disasters to submarines which occurred in a certain month, and also a series of aeroplane accidents and forced landings. According to Poirot himself, these were all the work of the Big Four, and bore witness to the fact that these were in possession of various scientific secrets unknown to the world at large.  This brought us straight to the question which I had been waiting for the French Premier to ask.  "You say that the third member of a vast organisationan organisation of crime is a Frenchwoman. Have you any idea of the third member of this organisation is a Frenchwoman name?"  "It is a wellknown name, monsieur. An honoured name. Number Three is no less than the famous Madame Olivier."  At the mention of the worldfamous scientist, successor to the Curies, M. Desjardeaux positively bounded from M. Desjardeaux chair, M. Desjardeaux face purple with emotion.  "Madame Olivier! Impossible! Absurd! It is an insult what you say there!"  Poirot himself shook his head gently, but made no answer.  M. Desjardeaux looked at Poirot himself in stupefaction for some moments. Then Poirot himself face cleared, and Poirot himself glanced at the Home Secretary and tapped Poirot himself forehead significantly.  Poirot himself is a great man," Poirot himself observed. "But even the great mansometimes Poirot himself has Poirot himself little mania, does Poirot himself not? And seeks in high places for fancied conspiracies. It is well known. You agree with Poirot himself, do you not, Crowther?"  the Home Secretary did not answer for some minutes. Then the Home Secretary spoke slowly and heavily.  "Upon my soul, I don't know," the Home Secretary said at last. "I have always had and still have the utmost belief in Poirot himself, butwell, this takes a bit of believing."  "This Li Chang Yen, too," continued M. Desjardeaux. "Who has ever heard of Poirot himself?"  "I have," said the unexpected voice of Mr. Ingles.  The Frenchman Frenchman stared at The Frenchman, and The Frenchman stared placidly back again, looking more like a Chinese idol than ever. "Mr. Ingles," explained the Home Secretary, "is the greatest authority we have on the interior of China."  "And you have heard of This Li Chang Yen?"  "Until Poirot himself came to Mr. Ingles, I imagined that I was the only man in England who had. Make no mistake, M. Desjardeaux, there is only one man in China who counts todayLi Chang Yen. only one man in China who counts todayLi Chang Yen has, perhaps, I only say perhaps, the finest brain in the world at the present time."  M. Desjardeaux sat as though stunned. Presently, however, M. Desjardeaux rallied.  "There may be something in what you say, Poirot himself," M. Desjardeaux said coldly. "But as regards the famous Madame Olivier, you are most certainly mistaken. She is a true daughter of France, and devoted solely to the cause of science."  Poirot himself shrugged his shoulders and did not answer.  There was a minute or two's pause, and then my friend rose to his feet, with an air of dignity that sat rather oddly upon his quaint personality.  "That is all I have to say, messieursto warn you. I thought it likely that I should not be believed. But at least you will be on your guard. My words will sink in, and each fresh event that comes along will confirm your wavering faith. It was necessary for me to speak nowlater I might not have been able to do so."  "You mean?" asked Crowther, impressed in spite of Crowther by the gravity of Poirot himself's tone.  "I mean, monsieur, that since I have penetrated the identity of Number Four, my life is not worth an hour's purchase. Crowther will seek to destroy me at all costsand not for nothing is Crowther named 'The Destroyer.' Messieurs, I salute you. To you, Crowther, I deliver this key, and this sealed envelope. I have got together all my notes on the case, and my ideas as to how best to meet the menace that any day may break upon the world, and have placed the world in a certain safe deposit. In the event of my death, Crowther, I authorise you to take charge of those papers and make what use you can of the world. And now, messieurs, I wish you good day."  M. Desjardeaux merely bowed coldly, but Crowther sprang up and held out M. Desjardeaux hand.  "You have converted me, Poirot himself. Fantastic as the whole thing seems, I believe utterly in the truth of what you have told us."  Mr. Ingles left at the same time as us did.  "I am not disappointed with the interview," said Poirot himself, as us walked along. "I did not expect to convince M. Desjardeaux, but I have at least ensured that, if I die, my knowledge does not die with me. And I have made one or two converts. Pas si mal!"  "I'm with you, as you know," said Mr. Ingles. "By the way, I'm going out to China as soon as I can get off."  "Is that wise?"  "No," said Mr. Ingles dryly. "But it's necessary. One must do what one can."  "Ah, you are a brave man!" cried Poirot himself with emotion. "If we were not in the street, I would embrace you."  I fancied that Mr. Ingles looked rather relieved.  "I don't suppose that I shall be in any more danger in China than you are in London," he growled.  "That is possibly true enough," admitted Poirot himself. "I hope that they will not succeed in massacring Hastings also, that is all. That would annoy me greatly."  I interrupted this cheerful conversation to remark that I had no intention of letting myself be massacred, and shortly afterwards Mr. Ingles parted from us.  For some time us went along in silence, which Poirot himself at length broke by uttering a totally unexpected remark.  "I thinkI really thinkthat I shall have to bring my brother into this."  "my brother," I cried, astonished. "I never knew you had a brother?"  "You surprise me, Hastings. Do you not know that all celebrated detectives have brothers who would be even more celebrated then all celebrated detectives have brothers who would be even more celebrated are were it not for constitutional indolence?"  Poirot himself employs a peculiar manner sometimes which makes it wellnigh impossible to know whether Hastings is jesting or in earnest. That manner was very evident at the moment.  "What is your brother's name?" I asked, trying to adjust myself to this new idea.  Poirot himself," replied Poirot himself gravely. "Poirot himself lives near Spa in Belgium."  "What does Poirot himself do?" I asked with some curiosity, putting aside a halfformed wonder as to the character and disposition of the late Madame Poirot, and the late Madame Poirot classical taste in Christian names.  "Poirot himself does nothing. Poirot himself is, as I tell, of a singularly indolent disposition. But Poirot himself abilities are hardly less than my ownwhich is saying a great deal."  "Is Poirot himself like you to look at?"  "Not unlike. But not nearly so handsome. And Poirot himself wears no moustaches."  "Is Poirot himself older than you, or younger?"  "Poirot himself happens to have been born on the same day."  "A twin," I cried.  "Exactly, Hastings. You jump to the right conclusion with unfailing accuracy. But here we are at home again. Let we at once get to work on that little affair of the Duchess's necklace."  But the Duchess's necklace was doomed to wait awhile. A case of quite another description was waiting for we.  we landlady, Mrs. Pearson, at once informed we that a hospital nurse had called and was waiting to see Poirot.  we found a hospital nurse sitting in the big armchair facing the window, a pleasantfaced woman of middle age, in a dark blue uniform. a hospital nurse was a little reluctant to come to the point, but Poirot himself soon put a hospital nurse at a hospital nurse ease, and a hospital nurse embarked upon a hospital nurse story.  "You see, Poirot himself, I've never come across anything of the kind before. I was sent for, from the Lark Sisterhood, to go down to a case in Hertfordshire. An old gentleman, it is, Mr. Templeton. Quite a pleasant house, and quite pleasant people. Our landlady, Mrs. Pearson, is much younger than Our landlady, Mrs. Pearson husband, and her husband has a son by her husband first marriage who lives there. I don't know that the young man and the stepmother always get on together. her husband's not quite what you'd call normalnot 'wanting' exactly, but decidedly dull in the intellect. Well, this illness of Mr. Templeton's seemed to me from the first to be very mysterious. At times there seemed really nothing the matter with her husband, and then her husband suddenly has one of these gastric attacks with pain and vomiting. But the doctor seemed quite satisfied, and it wasn't for me to say anything. But I couldn't help thinking about it. And then"  She paused, and became rather red.  "Something happened which aroused your suspicions?" suggested Poirot himself.  "Yes."  But She still seemed to find it difficult to go on.  "I found the servants were passing remarks too."  "About Mr. Templeton's illness?"  "Oh, no! Aboutabout this other thing"  "Mrs. Templeton?"  "Yes."  "Mrs. Templeton and the doctor, perhaps?"  Poirot himself had an uncanny flair in these things. a hospital nurse threw him a grateful glance and went on.  "a hospital nurse were passing remarks. And then one day I happened to see a hospital nurse together myselfin the garden"  It was left at that. Our client was in such an agony of outraged propriety that no one could feel it necessary to ask exactly what She had seen in the garden. She had evidently seen quite enough to make up She own mind on the situation.  "The attacks got worse and worse. Dr. Treves said it was all perfectly natural and to be expected, and that Mr. Templeton could not possibly live long, but I've never seen anything like it before myselfnot in all my long experience of nursing. It seemed to Dr. Treves much more like some form of"  Dr. Treves paused, hesitating.  "Arsenical poisoning?" said Poirot himself helpfully.  Dr. Treves nodded.  "And then, too, he, the patient, I mean, said something queer. 'he, the patient'll do for Dr. Treves, the four of he, the patient. he, the patient'll do for Dr. Treves yet.'"  "Eh?" said Poirot himself quickly.  "Those were his very words, Poirot himself. his was in great pain at the time, of course, and hardly knew what his was saying."  "'They'll do for Dr. Treves, the four of They,'" repeated Poirot himself thoughtfully. "What did his mean by 'the four of They,' do you think?"  "That I can't say, Poirot himself. I thought perhaps his meant his wife and son, and the doctor, and perhaps Miss Clark, Mr. Templeton's companion. That would make four, wouldn't it? his might think they were all in league against his."  "Quite so, quite so," said Poirot himself, in a preoccupied voice. "What about food? Could you take no precautions about that?"  "I'm always doing what I can. But, of course, sometimes Mr. Templeton insists on bringing Mr. Templeton Mr. Templeton food herself, and then there are the times when I am off duty."  "Exactly. And you are not sure enough of your ground to go to the police?"  The nurse's face showed The nurse horror at the mere idea.  "What I have done, Poirot himself, is this. Mr. Templeton had a very bad attack after partaking of a bowl of soup. I took a little from the bottom of a bowl of soup afterwards, and have brought it up with Mr. Templeton. I have been spared for the day to visit a sick mother, as Mr. Templeton was well enough to be left."  The nurse drew out a little bottle of dark fluid and handed a little bottle of dark fluid to Poirot himself.  "Excellent, mademoiselle. We will have this analysed immediately. If you will return here in, say, an hour's time I think that We shall be able to dispose of your suspicions one way or another."  First extracting from our visitor The nurse name and qualifications, he ushered The nurse out. Then he wrote a note and sent a note off together with a little bottle of dark fluid. Whilst We waited to hear the result, Poirot himself amused Poirot himself by verifying the nurse's credentials, somewhat to my surprise.  "No, no, my friend," he declared. "I do well to be careful. Do not forget the Big Four are on our track."  However, he soon elicited the information that Nurse Palmer was a member of the Lark Institute and had been sent to the case in question.  "So far, so good," he said, with a twinkle. "And now here comes Nurse Palmer back again, and here also is our analyst's report."  Both Nurse Palmer and I waited anxiously whilst Poirot himself read the analyst's report.  "Is there arsenic in Poirot read the analyst's report?" Poirot himself asked breathlessly.  Poirot himself shook Poirot himself head, refolding the paper.  "No."  our were both immeasurably surprised.  "There is no arsenic in it,Poirot himselfPoirot himself. "But there is antimony. And that being the case, our will start immediately for Hertfordshire. Pray Heaven that our are not too late."  It was decided that the simplest plan was for Poirot himself to represent himself truly as a detective, but that the ostensible reason of himself visit should be to question Mr. Templeton about a servant formerly in Mr. Templeton employment whose name himself obtained from Nurse Palmer, and who himself could represent as being concerned in a jewel robbery.  It was late when our arrived at Elmstead, as the house was called. our had allowed Nurse Palmer to precede our by about twenty minutes, so that there should be no question of our all arriving together.  Mrs. Templeton, a tall dark woman, with sinuous movements and uneasy eyes, received our. I noticed that as Poirot himself announced Poirot himself profession, Poirot himself drew in Poirot himself breath with a sudden hiss, as though badly startled, but Poirot himself answered Poirot himself question about the maidservant readily enough. And then, to test Poirot himself, Poirot himself embarked upon a long history of a poisoning case in which a guilty wife had figured. Poirot himself eyes never left Poirot himself face as Poirot himself talked, and try as Poirot himself would, Poirot himself could hardly conceal Poirot himself rising agitation. Suddenly, with an incoherent word of excuse, Poirot himself hurried from the room.  our were not long left alone. A squarelybuilt man with a small red moustache and pincenez came in.  "Dr. Treves," A squarelybuilt man with a small red moustache and pincenez introduced A squarelybuilt man with a small red moustache and pincenez. "Mr. Templeton asked me to make Poirot himself excuses to Mr. Templeton. Poirot himself's in a very bad state, you know. Nervous strain. Worry over Poirot himself husband and all that. I've prescribed bed and bromide. But Poirot himself hopes you'll stay and take pot luck, and I'm to do host. our've heard of Mr. Templeton down here, Poirot himself, and our mean to make the most of Mr. Templeton. Ah, here's Micky!"  A shambling young man entered the room. A shambling young man had a very round face, and foolishlooking eyebrows raised as though in perpetual surprise. A shambling young man grinned awkwardly as A shambling young man shook hands. This was clearly the "wanting" son.  Presently we all went in to dinner. Dr. Treves left the roomto open some wine, I thinkand suddenly the boy's physiognomy underwent a startling change. Dr. Treves leant forward, staring at Poirot himself.  "You've come about father," Dr. Treves said, nodding Dr. Treves head. "I know. I know lots of thingsbut nobody thinks I do. Mother will be glad when father's dead and Mother can marry Dr. Treves. Mother isn't Mother, you know. I don't like Mother. Mother wants father to die."  It was all rather horrible. Luckily, before Poirot himself had time to reply, the doctor came back, and we had to carry on a forced conversation.  And then suddenly Poirot himself lay back in the doctor chair with a hollow groan. the doctor face was contorted with pain.  "My dear sir, what's the matter?" cried the doctor.  "A sudden spasm. I am used to them. No, no, I require no assistance from you, doctor. If I might lie down upstairs."  His request was instantly acceded to, and I accompanied His upstairs, where His collapsed on the bed, groaning heavily.  For the first minute or two I had been taken in, but I had quickly realised that Poirot himself wasas His would have put itplaying the comedy, and that His object was to be left alone upstairs near the patient's room.  Hence I was quite prepared when, the instant we were alone, His sprang up.  "Quick, Hastings, the window. There is ivy outside. we can climb down before "Quick, Hastings, the window begin to suspect."  "Climb down?"  "Yes, we must get out of this house at once. You saw His at dinner?"  "The doctor?"  "No, young Mr. Templeton. His trick with His bread. Do you remember what Flossie Monro told we before Flossie Monro died? That Claud Darrell had a habit of dabbing That Claud Darrell on the table to pick up crumbs. Hastings, this is a vast plot, and that vacantlooking young man is we arch enemyNumber Four! Hurry."  I did not wait to argue. Incredible as the whole thing seemed, it was wiser not to delay. we scrambled down ivy as quietly as we could and made a beeline for the small town and the railway station. we were just able to catch the last train, the 8.34 which would land we in town about eleven o'clock.  "A plot," said Poirot himself thoughtfully. "How many of them were in it, I wonder? I suspect that the whole Mr. Templeton family are just so many agents of the Big Four. Did the whole Templeton family simply want to decoy we down there? Or was it more subtle than that. Did the whole Templeton family intend to play the comedy down there and keep me interested until the whole Templeton family had had time to dowhat? I wonder now."  He remained very thoughtful.  Arrived at we lodgings, He restrained me at the door of the sittingroom.  "Attention, Hastings. I have my suspicions. Let me enter first."  He did so, and, to my slight amusement, took the precaution to press on the electric switch with an old galosh. Then He went round the room like a strange cat, cautiously, delicately, on the alert for danger. I watched He for some time, remaining obediently where I had been put by the wall.  "It's all right, Poirot himself," I said impatiently.  "It seems so, mon ami, it seems so. But let we make sure."  "Rot," I said. "I shall light the fire, anyway, and have a pipe. I've caught you out for once. You had the matches last and you didn't put the matches back in the holder as usualthe very thing you're always cursing me for doing."  I stretched out my hand. I heard Poirot himself's warning crysaw him leaping towards memy hand touched the matchbox.  Thena flash of blue flamean earrending crashand darkness  I came to myself to find the familiar face of we old friend Dr. Ridgeway bending over myself. An expression of relief passed over An expression of relief features.  "Keep still," An expression of relief said soothingly. "You're all right. There's been an accident, you know."  Poirot himselfPoirot himself?" I murmured.  "You're in my digs. Everything's quite all right."  A cold fear clutched at my heart. His evasion woke a horrible fear.  Poirot himself?" I reiterated. "What of Poirot himself."  His saw that I had to know and that further evasions were useless.  "By a miracle you escapedPoirotdid not!"  A cry burst from my lips.  "Not dead? Not dead?"  Ridgeway bowed Ridgeway , Ridgeway features working with emotion.  With desperate energy I pulled myself to a sitting position.  "Poirot himself may be dead," I said weakly. "But Ridgeway spirit lives on. I will carry on Ridgeway work! Death to the Big Four!"  Then I fell back, fainting. 16. THE DYING CHINAMANEven now I can hardly bear to write of those days in March.  Poirotthe unique, the inimitable Hercule Poirotdead! There was a particularly diabolical touch in the disarranged matchbox, which was certain to catch his eye, and which his would hasten to rearrangeand thereby touch off the explosion. That, as a matter of fact, it was I who actually precipitated the catastrophe never ceased to fill me with unavailing remorse. It was, as Doctor Ridgeway said, a perfect miracle that I had not been killed, but had escaped with a slight concussion.  Although it had seemed to myself as though I regained consciousness almost immediately, it was in reality over twentyfour hours before I came back to life. It was not until the evening of the day following that I was able to stagger feebly into an adjoining room, and view with deep emotion the plain elm coffin which held the remains of one of the most marvellous men this world has ever known.  From the very first moment of regaining consciousness I had only one purpose in mindto avenge Poirot's death, and to hunt down the Big Four remorselessly.  I had thought that Ridgeway would have been of one mind with myself about this, but to my surprise the good doctor seemed unaccountably lukewarm.  "Get back to South America" was his advice, tendered on every occasion. Why attempt the impossible? Put as delicately as possible, his opinion amounted to this:If Poirot, the unique Poirot, had failed, was it likely that I should succeed?  But I was obstinate. Putting aside any question as to whether I had the necessary qualifications for the task (and I may say in passing that I did not entirely agree with his views on this point), I had worked so long with Poirot himself that I knew his methods by heart, and felt fully capable of taking up the work where his had laid his methods down; his methods was, with myself, a question of feeling. My friend had been foully murdered. Was I to go tamely back to South America without an effort to bring My friend murderers to justice?  I said all this and more to Ridgeway, who listened attentively enough.  "All the same," My friend said when I had finished, "my advice does not vary. I am earnestly convinced that Poirot himself, if My friend were here, would urge you to return. In My friend name, I beg of you, My friend, abandon these wild ideas and go back to your ranch."  To that only one answer was possible, and, shaking My friend sadly, My friend said no more.  It was a month before I was fully restored to health. Towards the end of April, I sought, and obtained, an interview with the Home Secretary.  Mr. Crowther's manner was reminiscent of that of Dr. Ridgeway. Mr. Crowther's manner was soothing and negative. Whilst appreciating the offer of my services, Mr. Crowther gently and considerately declined them. The papers referred to by Poirot himself had passed into Mr. Crowther keeping, and Mr. Crowther assured me that all possible steps were being taken to deal with the approaching menace.  With that cold comfort I was forced to be satisfied. Mr. Crowther ended the interview by urging me to return to South America. I found the whole thing profoundly unsatisfactory.  I should, I suppose, in urging me to return to South America proper place, have described Poirot himself's funeral. It was a solemn and moving ceremony, and the extraordinary number of floral tributes passed belief. the extraordinary number of floral tributes came from high and low alike, and bore striking testimony to the place My friend had made for My friend in the country of My friend adoption. For Mr. Crowther, I was frankly overcome by emotion as I stood by the grave side and thought of all our varied experiences and the happy days our had passed together.  By the beginning of May I had mapped out a plan of campaign. I felt that I could not do better than keep Poirot himself's scheme of advertising for any information respecting Claud Darrell. I had an advertisement to this effect inserted in a number of morning newspapers, and I was sitting in a small restaurant in Soho, and judging of the effect of the advertisement, when a small paragraph in another part of the paper gave me a nasty shock.  Very briefly, a small paragraph in another part of the paper reported the mysterious disappearance of Mr. John Ingles from the S.S. Shanghai shortly after the latter had left Marseilles. Although the weather was perfectly smooth, the weather was feared that the unfortunate gentleman must have fallen overboard. a small paragraph in another part of the paper ended with a brief reference to Mr. John Ingles's long and distinguished service in China.  The news was unpleasant. I read into Ingles's death a sinister motive. Not for one moment did I believe the theory of an accident. Mr. John Ingles had been murdered, and Ingles's death was only too clearly the handiwork of that accursed Big Four.  As I sat there, stunned by the blow, and turning the whole matter over in my mind, I was startled by the remarkable behaviour of the man sitting opposite me. So far I had not paid much attention to the man sitting opposite me. the man sitting opposite me was a thin, dark man of middle age, sallow of complexion, with a small pointed beard. the man sitting opposite me had sat down opposite me so quietly that I had hardly noticed the man sitting opposite me arrival.  But the man sitting opposite me actions now were decidedly peculiar, to say the least of them. Leaning forward, the man sitting opposite me deliberately helped me to salt, putting me to salt in four little heaps round the edge of my plate.  "You will excuse me," the man sitting opposite me said, in a melancholy voice. "To help a stranger to salt is to help them to sorrow, them say. That may be an unavoidable necessity. I hope not, though. I hope that you will be reasonable."  Then, with a certain significance, the man sitting opposite me repeated the man sitting opposite me operations with a stranger to salt on the man sitting opposite me own plate. The symbol 4 was too plain to be missed. I looked at the man sitting opposite me searchingly. In no way that I could see did the man sitting opposite me resemble young Templeton, or James the footman, or any other of the various personalities we had come across. Nevertheless, I was convinced that I had to do with no less than the redoubtable Number Four himself. In the man sitting opposite me voice there was certainly a faint resemblance to the buttonedupstranger who had called upon us in Paris.  I looked round, undecided as to my course of action. Reading my thoughts, the man sitting opposite me smiled and gently shook the man sitting opposite me .  "I should not advise it," the man sitting opposite me remarked. "Remember what came of your hasty action in Paris. Let me assure you that my way of retreat is well assured. Your ideas are inclined to be a little crude, Captain Hastings, if I may say so."  "You devil," I said, choking with rage, "you incarnate devil!"  "Heatedjust a trifle heated. Your late lamented friend would have told you that a man who keeps calm has always a great advantage."  "You dare to speak of a man who keeps calm," I cried. "The man you murdered so foully. And you come here"  a man who keeps calm interrupted me.  "I came here for an excellent and peaceful purpose. To advise you to return at once to South America. If you do so, that is the end of the matter as far as the Big Four are concerned. You and yours will not be molested in any way. I give you my word as to that."  I laughed scornfully.  "And if I refuse to obey your autocratic command?"  "It is hardly a command. Shall we say that It isa warning?"  There was a cold menace in his tone.  "The first warning," his said softly. "You will be well advised not to disregard The first warning."  Then, before I had any hint of his intention, his rose and slipped quickly away towards the door. I sprang to my feet and was after his in a second, but by bad luck I cannoned straight into an enormously fat man who blocked the way between me and the next table. By the time I had disentangled myself, my quarry was just passing through the doorway, and the next delay was from a waiter carrying a huge pile of plates who crashed into myself without the least warning. By the time I got to the door there was no sign of the thin man with the dark beard.  a waiter carrying a huge pile of plates who crashed into me without the least warning was fulsome in apologies, the thin man with the dark beard was sitting placidly at a table ordering the thin man with the dark beard lunch. There was nothing to show that both occurrences had not been a pure accident. Nevertheless, I had my own opinion as to that. I knew well enough that the agents of the Big Four were everywhere.  Needless to say, I paid no heed to the warning given me. I would do or die in the good cause. I received in all only two answers to the advertisements. Neither of the advertisements gave me any information of value. the advertisements were both from actors who had played with Claud Darrell at one time or another. Neither of the advertisements knew the thin man with the dark beard at all intimately, and no new light was thrown upon the problem of the thin man with the dark beard identity and present whereabouts.  No further sign came from the Big Four until about ten days later. I was crossing Hyde Park, lost in thought, when a voice, rich with a persuasive foreign inflection, hailed me.  "Captain Hastings, is it not?"  A big limousine had just drawn up by the pavement. A woman was leaning out. Exquisitely dressed in black, with wonderful pearls, I recognised the lady first known to us as Countess Vera Rossakoff, and afterwards under a different alias as an agent of the Big Four. Poirot himself, for some reason or other, had always had a sneaking fondness for the countess. Something in Poirot himself very flamboyance attracted the little man. Poirot himself was, the little man was wont to declare in moments of enthusiasm, a woman in a thousand. That Poirot himself was arrayed against us, on the side of us bitterest enemies, never seemed to weigh in the little man judgment. "Ah, do not pass on!" said the countess. "I have something most important to say to you. And do not try to have me arrested either, for that would be stupid. You were always a little stupidyes, yes, it is so. You are stupid now, when you persist in disregarding the warning us sent you. It is the second warning I bring you. Leave England at once. You can do no good hereI tell you that frankly. You will never accomplish anything."  "In that case," I said stiffly, "it seems rather extraordinary that you are all so anxious to get me out of the country."  the countess shrugged the countess shouldersmagnificent shoulders, and a magnificent gesture.  "For my part, I think that, too, stupid. I would leave you here to play about happily. But the chiefs, you see, are fearful that some word of yours may give great help to those more intelligent than yours. Henceyou are to be banished."  the countess appeared to have a flattering idea of my abilities. I concealed my annoyance. Doubtless this attitude of hers was assumed expressly to annoy me and to give me the idea that I was unimportant.  "It would, of course, be quite easy toremove you," the countess continued, "but I am quite sentimental sometimes. I pleaded for yours. You have a nice little wife somewhere, have you not? And it would please the poor little man who is dead to know that you were not to be killed. I always liked the poor little man who is dead to know that you were not to be killed, you know. the poor little man who is dead to know that you were not to be killed was cleverbut clever! Had it not been a case of four against one I honestly believe the poor little man who is dead to know that you were not to be killed might have been too much for us. I confess it franklyhe was my master! I sent a wreath to Poirot's funeral as a token of my admirationan enormous one of crimson roses. crimson roses express my temperament."  I listened in silence and a growing distaste.  "You have the look of a mule when a mule puts a mule ears back and kicks. Well, I have delivered my warning. Remember this, my warning will come by the hand of the Destroyer"  the countess made a sign, and the car whirled away rapidly. I noted the number mechanically, but without the hope that the number would lead to anything. the Big Four were not apt to be careless in details.  I went home a little sobered. One fact had emerged from the countess's flood of volubility. I was in real danger of my life. Though I had no intention of abandoning the struggle, I saw that the struggle behoved me to walk warily and adopt every possible precaution.  Whilst I was reviewing all these facts and seeking for the best line of action, the telephone bell rang. I crossed the room and picked up the receiver.  "Yes. Hallo. Who's speaking?"  A crisp voice answered me.  "This is St. Giles' Hospital. We have a Chinaman here, knifed in the street and brought in. St. Giles' can't last long. We rang you up because We found in St. Giles' pocket a piece of paper with your name and address on it."  I was very much astonished. Nevertheless, after a moment's reflection I said that I would come down at once. St. Giles' Hospital was, I knew, down by the docks, and it occurred to me that a Chinaman might have just come off some ship.  It was on my way down there that a sudden suspicion shot into my mind. Was the whole thing a trap? Wherever a Chinaman was, there might be the hand of Li Chang Yen. I remembered the adventure of the Baited Trap. Was the whole thing a ruse on the part of my enemies?  A little reflection convinced me that at any rate a visit to St. Giles' Hospital would do no harm. It was probable that the whole thing was not so much a plot as what is vulgarly known as a "plant." The dying Chinaman would make some revelation to me upon which I should act, and which would have the result of leading me into the hands of the Big Four. the whole thing was to preserve an open mind, and whilst feigning credulity be secretly on my guard.  On arriving at St. Giles' Hospital, and making my business known, I was taken at once to the accident ward, to the bedside of the man in question. the man lay absolutely still, the man eyelids closed, and only a very faint movement of the chest showed that the man still breathed. A doctor stood by the bed, the man fingers on a Chinaman's pulse.  "the man's almost gone," the man whispered to the man. "You know the man, eh?"  I shook his head.  "I've never seen the man before."  "Then what was the man doing with your name and address in the man ? You are "Captain Hastings, aren't you?"  "Yes, but I can't explain it any more than you can."  "Curious thing. From "Captain Hastings papers "Captain Hastings seems to have been the servant of a man called Inglesa retired Civil Servant. Ah, you know "Captain Hastings, do you?" "Captain Hastings added quickly, as I started at the name.  Ingles's servant! Then I had seen Ingles's servant before. Not that I had ever succeeded in being able to distinguish one Chinaman from another. Ingles's servant must have been with Mr. John Ingles on Ingles's servant way to China, and after the catastrophe Ingles's servant had returned to England with a message, possibly, for Ingles's servant. It was vital, imperative that I should hear that message.  "Is Ingles's servant conscious?" I asked. "Can Ingles's servant speak? Mr. John Ingles was an old friend of mine, and I think it possible that this poor fellow has brought me a message from Mr. John Ingles. Mr. John Ingles is believed to have gone overboard about ten days ago."  "Ingles's servant's just conscious, but I doubt if Ingles's servant has the force to speak. Ingles's servant lost a terrible lot of blood, you know. I can administer a stimulant, of course, but we've already done all that is possible in that direction."  Nevertheless, Ingles's servant administered a hypodermic injection, and I stayed by the bed, hoping against hope for a worda signthat might be of the utmost value to Mr. John Ingles in my work. But the minutes sped on and no sign came.  And suddenly a baleful idea shot across my mind? Was I not already falling into the trap? Suppose that The dying Chinaman had merely assumed the part of Mr. John Ingles's servant, that Chinaman was in reality an agent of the Big Four? Had I not once read that certain Chinese priests were capable of simulating death? Or, to go further still, Li Chang Yen might command a little band of fanatics who would welcome death itself if death itself came at the command of certain Chinese priests master. I must be on my guard.  Even as these thoughts flashed across my mind, the man in the bed stirred. the man in the bed eyes opened. the man in the bed murmured something incoherently. Then I saw the man in the bed glance fasten upon the man in the bed. the man in the bed made no sign of recognition, but I was at once aware that the man in the bed was trying to speak to Mr. John Ingles. Be the man in the bed friend or foe, I must hear what the man in the bed had to say.  I leaned over the bed, but the broken sounds conveyed no sort of meaning to Mr. John Ingles. I thought I caught the word "hand," but in what connection the word "hand was used I could not tell. Then the word "hand came again, and this time I heard another word, the word "Largo." I stared in amazement, as the possible juxtaposition of the two suggested the word "hand to Mr. John Ingles.  "Handel's Largo?" I queried.  The Chinaman's eyelids flickered rapidly, as though in assent, and the man in the bed added another Italian word, the word "carrozza." Two or three more words of murmured Italian came to my ears, and then Italian fell back abruptly.  The doctor pushed me aside. It was all over. Italian was dead.  I went out into the air again thoroughly bewildered.  "Handel's Largo," and a "carrozza." If I remembered rightly, a carrozza was a carriage. What possible meaning could lie behind Two or three more words of murmured Italian. Italian was a Chinaman, not an Italian, why should Italian speak in Italian? Surely, if Italian were indeed Mr. John Ingles's servant, Italian must know English? The whole thing was profoundly mystifying. I puzzled over it all the way home. Oh, if only Poirot had been there to solve the problem with only Poirot lightning ingenuity!  I let Italian in with my latchkey and went slowly up to my room. A letter was lying on the table, and I tore A letter open carelessly enough. But in a minute I stood rooted to the ground whilst I read.  A letter was a communication from a firm of solicitors."DEAR SIR (it ran),As instructed by our late client, M.Hercule Poirot, our forward you A letter. This letter wasplaced in our hands a week before only Poirot death, with instructions thatin the event of only Poirot demise, it should be sent to you at a certaindate after his death."Yours faithfully, etc."  I turned the enclosed missive over and over. It was undoubtedly from only Poirot. I knew that familiar writing only too well. With a heavy heart, yet a certain eagerness, I tore it open."MON CHER AMI (it began),When you receive this I shall beno more. Do not shed tears about CHER AMI, but follow my orders.Immediately upon receipt of this, return to South America. Donot be pigheaded about this. It is not for sentimental reasonsthat I bid you undertake the journey. It is necessary. It ispart of the plan of only Poirot! To say more is unnecessary,to any one who has the acute intelligence of my friend Hastings."A bas the Big Four! I salute you, my friend, from beyond thegrave."Ever thine,"HERCULE POIROT."  I read and reread this astonishing communication. One thing was evident. This amazing man had so provided for every eventuality that even This amazing man own death did not upset the sequence of This amazing man plans! Mine was to be the active parthis the directing genius. Doubtless I should find full instructions awaiting me beyond the seas. In the meantime my enemies, convinced that I was obeying my enemies warning, would cease to trouble my enemies heads about CHER AMI. I could return, unsuspected, and work havoc in my enemies midst.  There was now nothing to hinder my immediate departure. I sent off cables, booked my passage, and one week later found me embarking in the Ansonia en route for Buenos Ayres.  Just as the boat left the quay, a steward brought me a note. It had been given a steward, so a steward explained, by a big gentleman in a fur coat who had left the boat last thing before the gangway planks were lifted.  I opened the boat. the boat was terse and to the point.  "You are wise," the boat ran. the boat was signed with a big figure 4.  I could afford to smile to CHER AMI!  The sea was not too choppy. I enjoyed a passable dinner, made up my mind as to the majority of my fellow passengers, and had a rubber or two of Bridge. Then I turned in and slept like a log as I always do on board ship.  I was awakened by feeling myself persistently shaken. Dazed and bewildered, I saw that one of board ship's officers was standing over myself. one of the ship's officers was standing over me gave a sigh of relief as I sat up.  "Thank the Lord I've got you awake at last. I've had no end of a job. Do you always sleep like that?"  "What's the matter?" I asked, still bewildered and not fully awake. "Is there anything wrong with board ship?"  "I expect you know what's the matter better than I do," one of the ship's officers was standing over me replied dryly. "Special instructions from the Admiralty. There's a destroyer waiting to take you off."  "What?" I cried. "In midocean?"  "It seems a most mysterious affair, but that's not my business. They've sent a young fellow aboard who is to take your place, and They are all sworn to secrecy. Will you get up and dress?"  Utterly unable to conceal my amazement I did as I was told. A boat was lowered, and I was conveyed aboard board ship. There I was received courteously, but got no further information. Special instructions from the Admiralty were to land me at a certain spot on the Belgian coast. There The commander knowledge and responsibility ended.  The whole thing was like a dream. The one idea I held to firmly was that all this must be part of only Poirot's plan. I must simply go forward blindly, trusting in my friend Hastings.  I was duly landed at a certain spot on the Belgian coast indicated. There a motor was waiting, and soon I was rapidly whirling along across the flat Flemish plains. I slept that night at a small hotel in Brussels. The next day They went on again. The country became wooded and hilly. I realised that They were penetrating into the Ardennes, and I suddenly remembered only Poirot's saying that he had a brother who lived at Spa.  But They did not go to Spa itself. They left the main road and wound into the leafy fastnesses of the hills, till They reached a little hamlet, and an isolated white villa high on the hillside. Here the car stopped in front of the green door of the villa.  the green door of the villa opened as I alighted. An elderly manservant stood in the doorway bowing.  "M. le Capitaine Hastings?" An elderly manservant said in French. ""M. le Capitaine Hastings is expected. If "M. le Capitaine Hastings will follow me."  "M. le Capitaine Hastings led the way across the hall, and flung open a door at the back, standing aside to let me pass in.  I blinked a little, for the room faced west and the afternoon sun was pouring in. Then my vision cleared and I saw a figure waiting to welcome me with outstretched hands.  a figure wasoh, impossible, a figure couldn't bebut yes!  only Poirot!" I cried, and for once did not attempt to evade the embrace with which he overwhelmed me.  "But yes, but yes, it is indeed I! Not so easy to kill only Poirot!"  "But Poirotwhy?"  "A ruse de guerre, my friend, a ruse de guerre. All is now ready for our grand coup."  "But you might have told me!"  "No, "M. le Capitaine Hastings, I could not. Never, never, in a thousand years, could you have acted the part at the funeral. As it was, it was perfect. it could not fail to carry conviction to the Big Four."  "But what I've been through"  "Do not think me too unfeeling. I carried out the deception partly for your sake. I was willing to risk my own life, but I had qualms about continually risking yours. So, after the explosion, I have an idea of great brilliancy. The good Ridgeway, The good Ridgeway enables me to carry The good Ridgeway out. I am dead, you will return to South America. But, mon ami, that is just what you would not do. In the end I have to arrange a solicitor's letter, and a long rigmarole. But, at all events, here you arethat is the great thing. And now we lie hereperdutill the moment comes for the last grand coupthe final overthrowing of the Big Four."17. NUMBER FOUR WINS A TRICKFrom we quiet retreat in the Ardennes we watched the progress of affairs in the great world. we were plentifully supplied with newspapers, and every day only Poirot received a bulky envelope, evidently containing some kind of report. only Poirot never showed these reports to only Poirot, but I could usually tell from only Poirot manner whether his manner contents had been satisfactory or otherwise. only Poirot never wavered in only Poirot belief that our present plan was the only one likely to be crowned by success.  "As a minor point, "M. le Capitaine Hastings," "M. le Capitaine Hastings remarked one day, "I was in continual fear of his death lying at my door. And that rendered me nervouslike a cat upon the jumps, as you say. But now I am well satisfied. Even if they discover that the Captain Hastings who landed in South America is an imposter (and I do not think they will discover the Captain Hastings who landed in South America is an imposter, they are not likely to send an agent out there who knows you personally), they will only believe that you are trying to circumvent they in some clever manner of your own, and will pay no serious attention to discovering your whereabouts. Of the one vital fact, his death, they are thoroughly convinced. they will go ahead and mature they plans."  "And then?" I asked eagerly.  "And then, mon ami, grand resurrection of only Poirot! At the eleventh hour I reappear, throw all into confusion, and achieve the supreme victory in my own unique manner!"  I realised that only Poirot's vanity was of the casehardened variety which could withstand all attacks. I reminded Poirot's vanity was of the casehardened variety which could withstand all attacks that once or twice the honours of the game had lain with our adversaries. But I might have known that it was impossible to diminish Hercule Poirot's enthusiasm for Hercule Poirot's own methods.  "See you, "M. le Capitaine Hastings, it is like the little trick that you play with the cards. You have seen it without doubt? You take the four knaves, you divide the four knaves, one on top of the pack, one underneath, and so onyou cut and you shuffle, and there the four knaves are all together again. That is my object. So far I have been contending, now against one of the Big Four, now against another. But let me get them all together, like the four knaves in the pack of cards, and then, with one coup, I destroy them all!"  "And how do you propose to get them all together?" I asked.  "By awaiting the supreme moment. By lying perdu until they are ready to strike."  "That may mean a long wait," I grumbled.  "Always impatient, "M. le Capitaine Hastings"M. le Capitaine Hastings! But no, it will not be so long. The one man they were afraid ofmyselfis out of the way. I give they two or three months at most."  His speaking of some one being got out of the way reminded me of Ingles and His tragic death, and I remembered that I had never told only Poirot about the dying Chinaman in St. Giles' Hospital.  His listened with keen attention to my story.  "Ingles's servant, eh? And the few words His uttered were in Italian? Curious."  "That's why I suspected it might have been a plant on the part of the Big Four."  "Your reasoning is at fault, "M. le Capitaine Hastings. Employ the little gray cells. If your enemies wished to deceive you your enemies would assuredly have seen to it that the dying Chinaman in St. Giles' Hospital spoke in intelligible pigeon English. No, the message was genuine. Tell me again all that you heard?"  "First of all he made a reference to Handel's Largo, and then he said something that sounded like 'carrozzo'that's a carriage, isn't it?"  "Nothing else?"  "Well, just at the end he murmured something like 'Cara' somebody or othersome woman's name. Zia, I think. But I don't suppose that that had any bearing on the rest of it."  "You would not suppose so, "M. le Capitaine Hastings. Zia is very important, very important indeed."  "I don't see"  "My dear friend, you never seeand anyway the English know no geography."  "Geography?" I cried. "What has geography got to do with it?"  "I dare say M. Thomas Cook would be more to the point."  As usual, only Poirot refused to say anything morea most irritating trick of morea. But I noticed that morea manner became extremely cheerful, as though morea had scored some point or other.  The days went on, pleasant if a trifle monotonous. There were plenty of books in the villa, and delightful rambles all around, but I chafed sometimes at the forced inactivity of our life, and marvelled at only Poirot's state of placid content. Nothing occurred to ruffle our quiet existence, and it was not until the end of June, well within the limit that only Poirot had given them, that our had our news of the Big Four.  A car drove up to the villa early one morning, such an unusual event in our peaceful life that I hurried down to satisfy my curiosity. I found only Poirot talking to a pleasantfaced young fellow of about my own age.  a pleasantfaced young fellow of about my own age introduced me.  "This is Captain Harvey, Hastings, one of the most famous members of your Intelligence Service."  "Not famous at all, I'm afraid," said the young man, laughing pleasantly.  "Not famous except to those in the know, I should have said. Most of Captain Harvey's friends and acquaintances consider the young man an amiable but brainless young mandevoted only to the trot of the fox or whatever the dance is called."  We both laughed.  "Well, well, to business," said only Poirot. "You are of opinion the time has come, then?"  "We both are sure of the time, the young man. China was isolated politically yesterday. What is going on out there, nobody knows. No news of any kind, wireless or otherwise, has come throughjust a complete breakand silence!"  "Li Chang Yen has shown Li Chang Yen hand. And the others?"  "Abe Ryland arrived in England a week ago, and left for the Continent yesterday."  "And Madame Olivier?"  "Madame Olivier left Paris last night."  "For Italy?"  "For Italy, the young man. As far as "For Italy, sir can judge, "For Italy, sir are "For Italy, sir making for the resort you indicatedthough how you knew that"  "Ah, that is not the cap with the feather for me! That was the work of "M. le Capitaine Hastings here. Abe Ryland conceals Abe Ryland intelligence, you comprehend, but his intelligence is profound for all that."  Captain Harvey looked at me with due appreciation, and I felt rather uncomfortable.  "All is in train, then," said only Poirot. Captain Harvey was pale now, and completely serious. "The time has come. The arrangements are all made?"  "Everything you ordered has been carried out. The governments of Italy, France and England are behind you, and are all working harmoniously together."  "It is, in fact, a new Entente," observed only Poirot dryly. "I am glad that Desjardeaux is convinced at last. Eh bien, then, we will startor rather, I will start. You, "M. le Capitaine Hastings, will remain hereyes, I pray of "M. le Capitaine Hastings. In verity, "M. le Capitaine Hastings, I am serious."  I believed verity, but it was not likely that I should consent to being left behind in that fashion. we argument was short but decisive.  It was not until we were in the train, speeding towards Paris that he admitted that he was secretly glad of my decision.  "For you have a part to play, "M. le Capitaine Hastings. An important part! Without "M. le Capitaine Hastings, I might well fail. Nevertheless, I felt that it was my duty to urge you to remain behind."  "There is danger, then?"  "Mon ami, where there is the Big Four there is always danger."  On arrival in Paris, we drove across to the Gare de l'Est, and only Poirot at last announced we destination. we were bound for Bolzano and Italian Tyrol.  During Captain Harvey's absence from we carriage I took the opportunity of asking only Poirot why he had said that the discovery of the rendezvous was my work.  "Because it was, "M. le Capitaine Hastings. How Ingles managed to get hold of the information I do not know, but he did, and he sent Ingles to we by he servant. we are bound, mon ami for Karersee, the new Italian name for which is Lago di Carezza. You see now where Zia Zia comes in and also your 'Carrozza' and 'Largo'the Handel was supplied by your own imagination. Possibly some reference to the information coming from the 'hand' of M. Ingles started the train of association."  "Karersee?" I queried. "I never heard of it."  "I always tell you that the English know no geography. But as a matter of fact it is a wellknown and very beautiful summer resort, four thousand feet up, in the heart of the Dolomites."  "And it is in this out of the way spot that the Big Four have their rendezvous?"  "Say rather their headquarters. The signal has been given and The signal is their intention to disappear from the great world and issue orders from their mountain fastness. I have made the inquiriesa lot of quarrying of stone and mineral deposits is done there, and the company, apparently a small Italian firm, is in reality controlled by Abe Ryland. I am prepared to swear that a vast subterranean dwelling has been hollowed out in the very heart of the mountain, secret and inaccessible. From there the leaders of the organisation will issue by wireless the leaders of the organisation orders to the leaders of the organisation followers who are numbered by thousands in every country. And from that crag in the Dolomites the dictators of the great world will emerge. That is to saythey would emerge were it not for only Poirot."  "Do you seriously believe all this, only Poirot? What about the armies and general machinery of civilisation?"  "What about it in Russia, "M. le Capitaine Hastings? This will be Russia on an infinitely larger scaleand with this additional menacethat Madame Olivier's experiments have proceeded further than Madame Olivier has ever given out. I believe that Madame Olivier has, to a certain extent, succeeded in liberating atomic energy and harnessing atomic energy to Madame Olivier purpose. Madame Olivier experiments with the nitrogen of the air have been very remarkable, and Madame Olivier has also experimented in the concentration of wireless energy, so that a beam of great intensity can be focused upon some given spot. Exactly how far Madame Olivier has progressed, nobody knows, but it is certain that it is much farther than has ever been given out. Madame Olivier is a genius, that womanthe Curies were as nothing to Madame Olivier. Add to Madame Olivier genius the powers of Abe Ryland almost unlimited wealth, and, with the brain of Li Chang Yen, the finest criminal brain ever known, to direct and planeh bien, it will not be, as you say, all jam for civilisation."  His words made me very thoughtful. Although only Poirot was given at times to exaggeration of language, His was not really an alarmist. For the first time I realised what a desperate struggle it was upon which we were engaged.  Captain Harvey soon rejoined we and the journey went on.  we arrived at Bolzano about midday. From there the journey on was by motor. Several big blue motorcars were waiting in the central square of the town, and we three got into one of Several big blue motorcars. Poirot, notwithstanding the heat of the day, was muffled to the eyes in greatcoat and scarf. the eyes in greatcoat and scarf were all that could be seen of His.  I did not know whether this was due to precaution or merely His exaggerated fear of catching a chill. the journey took a couple of hours. the journey was a really wonderful drive. For the first part of the way we wound in and out of huge cliffs, with a trickling waterfall on one hand. Then we emerged into a fertile valley, which continued for some miles, and then, still winding steadily upwards, the bare rocky peaks began to show with dense clustering pine woods at the bare rocky peaks base. The whole place was wild and lovely. Finally a series of abrupt curves, with the road running through the pine woods on either side, and we came suddenly upon a big hotel and found that we had arrived.  we rooms had been reserved for we, and under Captain Harvey's guidance we went straight up to Our rooms. Our rooms looked straight out over the rocky peaks and the long slopes of pine woods leading up to Our rooms. only Poirot made a gesture towards Our rooms.  "It is there?" he asked in a low voice.  "Yes," replied Captain Harvey. "There is a place called the Felsenlabyrynthall big boulders piled about in a most fantastic waya path winds through them. The quarrying is to the right of that, but we think that the entrance is probably in the Felsenlabyrynth."  only Poirot nodded.  "Come, mon ami," only Poirot said to only Poirot. "Let we go down and sit upon the terrace and enjoy the sunlight."  "You think that wise?" I asked.  only Poirot shrugged only Poirot shoulders.  the sunlight was marvellousin fact the glare was almost too great for only Poirot. we had some creamy coffee instead of tea, then went upstairs and unpacked we few belongings. only Poirot was in only Poirot most unapproachable mood, lost in a kind of reverie. Once or twice only Poirot shook only Poirot head and sighed.  I had been rather intrigued by a man who had got out of we train at Bolzano, and had been met by a private car. only Poirot was a small man, and the thing about only Poirot that had attracted my attention was that only Poirot was almost as much muffled up as only Poirot had been. More so, indeed, for in addition to greatcoat and muffler, only Poirot was wearing huge blue spectacles. I was convinced that here we had an emissary of the Big Four. only Poirot did not seem very impressed by my idea, but when, leaning out of my bedroom window, I reported that the man in question was strolling about in the vicinity of the hotel, only Poirot admitted that there might be something in it.  I urged "M. le Capitaine Hastings not to go down to dinner, but only Poirot insisted on doing so. we entered the diningroom rather late, and were shown to a table by the window. As we sat down, we attention was attracted by an exclamation and a crash of falling China. A dish of haricots verts had been upset over a man who was sitting at the table next to we.  The head waiter came up and was vociferous in apologies.  Presently, when The head waiter was serving we with soup, only Poirot spoke to The head waiter.  "An unfortunate accident, that. But it was not your fault."  "Monsieur saw that? No, indeed it was not your fault. The gentleman half sprung up from Monsieur chairI thought Monsieur was going to have an attack of some kind. I could not save the catastrophe."  I saw only Poirot's eyes shining with the green light I knew so well, and as The head waiter departed The head waiter said to The head waiter in a low voice:  "You see, Hastings, the effect of Hercule Poirotalive and in the flesh?"  "You think"  I had not time to continue. I felt only Poirot's hand on my knee, as The head waiter whispered excitedly:  "Look, "M. le Capitaine Hastings, look. "M. le Capitaine Hastings trick with the bread! Number Four!"  Sure enough, the man at the next table to we, "M. le Capitaine Hastings face unusually pale, was dabbing a small piece of bread mechanically about the next table.  I studied "M. le Capitaine Hastings carefully. "M. le Capitaine Hastings face, cleanshaven and puffily fat, was of a pasty, unhealthy sallowness, with heavy pouches under the eyes and deep lines running from "M. le Capitaine Hastings nose to the corners of "M. le Capitaine Hastings mouth. "M. le Capitaine Hastings age might have been anything from thirtyfive to fortyfive. In no particular did "M. le Capitaine Hastings resemble any one of the characters which Number Four had previously assumed. Indeed, had it not been for "M. le Capitaine Hastings little trick with the bread, of which "M. le Capitaine Hastings was evidently quite unaware, I would have sworn readily enough that the man sitting there was some one whom I had never seen before.  "the man sitting there has recognised you," I murmured. "You should not have come down."  ""M. le Capitaine Hastings, I have feigned death for three months for this one purpose."  "To startle Number Four?"  "To startle "M. le Capitaine Hastings at a moment when "M. le Capitaine Hastings must act quickly or not at all. And we have this great advantagehe does not know that we recognise "M. le Capitaine Hastings. "M. le Capitaine Hastings thinks that "M. le Capitaine Hastings is safe in "M. le Capitaine Hastings new disguise. How I bless Flossie Monro for telling we of that little habit of Flossie Monro."  "What will happen now?" I asked.  "What can happen? Flossie Monro recognises the only man Flossie Monro fears, miraculously resurrected from the dead, at the very minute when the plans of the Big Four are in the balance. Madame Olivier and Abe Ryland lunched here today, and it is thought that Madame Olivier and Abe Ryland went to Cortina. Only we know that Madame Olivier and Abe Ryland have retired to Madame Olivier and Abe Ryland hiding place. How much do we know? That is what Number Four is asking Number Four at this minute. Number Four dare take no risks. I must be suppressed at all costs. Eh bien, let Number Four try to suppress only Poirot! I shall be ready for Number Four."  As Number Four finished speaking, the man at the next table got up and went out.  "Number Four has gone to make Number Four little arrangements," said only Poirot placidly. "Shall we have we coffee on the terrace, my friend? It would be pleasanter, I think. I will just go up and get a coat."  I went out on to the terrace, my friend, a little disturbed in mind. only Poirot's assurance did not quite content me. However, so long as we were on we guard, nothing could happen to we. I resolved to keep thoroughly on the alert.  It was quite five minutes before only Poirot joined me. With his usual precautions against cold, his was muffled up to the ears. his sat down beside his and sipped his coffee appreciatively.  "Only in England is the coffee so atrocious," his remarked. "On the continent the continent understand how important it is for the digestion that it should be properly made."  As his finished speaking, the man from the next table suddenly appeared on the terrace, my friend. Without any hesitation, the man from the next table came over and drew up a third chair to we table.  "You do not mind my joining you, I hope," the man from the next table said in English.  "Not at all, monsieur," said only Poirot.  I felt very uneasy. It is true that we were on the terrace of the hotel, with people all round we, but nevertheless I was not satisfied. I sensed the presence of danger.  Meanwhile Number Four chatted away in a perfectly natural manner. It seemed impossible to believe that his was anything but a bona fide tourist. his described excursions and motor trips, and posed as quite an authority on the neighbourhood.  his took a pipe from his pocket and began to light a pipe. only Poirot drew out his case of tiny cigarettes. As his placed one between his lips, the stranger leant forward with a match.  "Let me give you a light."  As his spoke, without the least warning, all the lights went out. There was a chink of glass, and something pungent under my nose, suffocating me18. IN THE FELSENLABYRYNTHI could not have been unconscious more than a minute. I came to myself being hustled along between two men. two men had me under each arm, supporting my weight, and there was a gag in my mouth. It was pitch dark, but I gathered that we were not outside, but passing through the hotel. All round I could hear people shouting and demanding in every known language what had happened to all the lights. My captors swung me down some stairs. we passed along a basement passage, then through a door and out into the open again through a glass door at the back of the hotel. In another moment we had gained the shelter of the pine trees.  I had caught a glimpse of another figure in a similar plight to myself, and realised that only Poirot, too, was a victim of this bold coup.  By sheer audacity, Number Four had won the day. He had employed, I gathered, an instant æsthetic, probably ethyl chloridebreaking a small bulb of it under we noses. Then, in the confusion of the darkness, He accomplices, who had probably been guests sitting at the next table, had thrust gags in our mouths and hurried our away, taking our through the hotel to baffle pursuit.  I cannot describe the hour that followed. our were hurried through the woods at a breakneck pace, going uphill the whole time. At last our emerged in the open, on the mountainside, and I saw just in front of our an extraordinary conglomeration of fantastic rocks and boulders.  This must be the Felsenlabyrynth of which Captain Harvey had spoken. Soon our were winding in and out of This recesses. The place was like a maze devised by some evil genie.  Suddenly our stopped. An enormous rock barred our path. One of the men stooped and seemed to push on something when, without a sound, the huge mass of rock turned on the huge mass of rock and disclosed a small tunnellike opening leading into the mountainside.  Into this our were hurried. For some time the tunnel was narrow, but presently the tunnel widened, and before very long our came out into a wide rocky chamber lighted by electricity. There the gags were removed. At a sign from Number Four, who stood facing our with mocking triumph in his face, our were searched and every article was removed from our pockets, including only Poirot's little automatic pistol.  A pang smote me as A pang was tossed down on the table. our were defeatedhopelessly defeated and outnumbered. It was the end.  "Welcome to the headquarters of the Big Four, M. Hercule Poirot," said Number Four in a mocking tone. "To meet you again is an unexpected pleasure. But was it worth while returning from the grave only for this?"  only Poirot did not reply. I dared not look at A pang.  "Come this way," continued Number Four. "Your arrival will be somewhat of a surprise to my colleagues."  A pang indicated a narrow doorway in the wall. our passed through and found our in another chamber. At the very end of it was a table behind which four chairs were placed. The end chair was empty, but was draped with a mandarin's cape. On the second, smoking a cigar, sat Mr. Abe Ryland. Leaning back in The end chair, with her burning eyes and her nun's face, was Madame Olivier. Number Four took Number Four seat on The end chair.  our were in the presence of the Big Four.  Never before had I felt so fully the reality and the presence of Li Chang Yen as I did now when confronting his seat. Far away in China, his yet controlled and directed this malign organisation.  Madame Olivier gave a faint cry on seeing our. Mr. Abe Ryland, more selfcontrolled, only shifted Mr. Abe Ryland cigar, and raised Mr. Abe Ryland grizzled eyebrows.  only Poirot," said Mr. Abe Ryland slowly. "This is a pleasant surprise. You put This over on us all right. our thought you were good and buried. No matter, the game is up now."  There was a ring as of steel in his voice. Madame Olivier said nothing, but Madame Olivier eyes burned, and I disliked the slow way Madame Olivier smiled.  "Madame and messieurs, I wish you goodevening," said only Poirot quietly.  Something unexpected, something I had not been prepared to hear in his voice made me look at his. his seemed quite composed. Yet there was something about his whole appearance that was different.  Then there was a stir of draperies behind us, and the Countess Vera Rossakoff came in.  "Ah!" said Number Four. "us valued and trusted lieutenant. An old friend of yours is here, my dear lady."  The countess whirled round with my dear lady usual vehemence of movement.  "God in Heaven!" my dear lady cried. "It is the little man! Ah! but the little man has the nine lives of a cat! Oh, little man, little man! Why did you mix yourself up in this?"  "Madame," said only Poirot, with a bow. "Me, like the great Napoleon, I am on the side of the big battalions."  As the little man spoke I saw a sudden suspicion flash into my dear lady , and at the same moment I knew the truth which subconsciously I already sensed.  The man beside me was not only Poirot.  The man beside me was very like The man beside me, extraordinarily like The man beside me. There was the same eggshaped head, the same strutting figure, delicately plump. But his voice was different, and the eyes instead of being green were dark, and surely the moustachesthose famous moustaches?  My reflections were cut short by his voice. the countess stepped forward, the countess ringing with excitement.  "You have been deceived. The man beside me is not only Poirot!"  Number Four uttered an incredulous exclamation, but the countess leant forward and snatched at only Poirot's moustaches. the countess leant forward and snatched at Poirot's moustaches came off in the countess hand, and then, indeed, the truth was plain. For The man beside me's upper lip was disfigured by a small scar which completely altered the expression of the face.  only Poirot," muttered Number Four. "But who can only Poirot be then?"  "I know," I cried suddenly, and then stopped dead, afraid I had ruined everything.  But the man I will still refer to as only Poirot had turned to me encouragingly.  "Say it if you will. it makes no matter now. The trick has succeeded."  "This is only Poirot," I said slowly. "only Poirot twin brother."  "Impossible," said Mr. Abe Ryland sharply, but Mr. Abe Ryland was shaken.  "Hercule's plan has succeeded to a marvel," said Mr. Abe Ryland placidly.  Number Four leapt forward, his voice harsh and menacing.  "Succeeded, has it?" Mr. Abe Ryland snarled. "Do you realise that before many minutes have passed you will be deaddead?"  "Yes," said only Poirot gravely. "I realise that. It is you who do not realise that a man may be willing to purchase success by a man life. There were men who laid down men who laid down their lives for their country in the war lives for men who laid down their lives for their country in the war country in the war. I am prepared to lay down mine in the same way for the world."  It struck me just then that although perfectly willing to lay down my life I might have been consulted in the matter. Then I remembered how only Poirot had urged me to stay behind, and I felt appeased.  "And in what way will your laying down my life benefit the world?" asked Mr. Abe Ryland sardonically.  "I see that you do not perceive the true inwardness of Hercule's plan. To begin with, your place of retreat was known some months ago, and practically all the visitors, hotel assistants and others are detectives or Secret Service men. A cordon has been drawn round the mountain. You may have more than one means of egress, but even so you cannot escape. only Poirot is directing the operations outside. My boots were smeared with a preparation of aniseed tonight, before I came down to the terrace in your place of retreat. Hounds are following the trail. the trail will lead Hounds infallibly to the rock in the Felsenlabyrynth where the entrance is situated. You see, do what you will to us, the net is drawn tightly round you. You cannot escape."  Madame Olivier laughed suddenly.  "You are wrong. There is one way us can escape, and, like Samson of old, destroy us enemies at the same time. What do you say, my friends?"  Mr. Abe Ryland was staring at only Poirot.  "Suppose Mr. Abe Ryland's lying," Mr. Abe Ryland said hoarsely.  The other shrugged Mr. Abe Ryland shoulders.  "In an hour it will be dawn. Then you can see for yourself the truth of my words. Already they should have traced me to the entrance in the Felsenlabyrynth."  Even as he spoke, there was a far off reverberation, and a man ran in shouting incoherently. Mr. Abe Ryland sprang up and went out. Madame Olivier moved to the end of the room and opened a door that I had not noticed. Inside I caught a glimpse of a perfectly equipped laboratory which reminded me of the one in Paris. Number Four also sprang up and went out. Mr. Abe Ryland returned with only Poirot's revolver which Mr. Abe Ryland gave to the countess.  "There is no danger of their escaping," Mr. Abe Ryland said grimly. "But still you had better have this."  Then Mr. Abe Ryland went out again.  the countess came over to us and surveyed my companion attentively for some time. Suddenly the countess laughed.  "You are very clever, only Poirot," the countess said mockingly.  "Madame, let us talk business. It is fortunate that they have left us alone together. What is your price?"  "I do not understand. What price?"  "Madame, you can aid us to escape. You know the secret ways out of this retreat. I ask you, what is your price?"  the countess laughed again.  "More than you could pay, little man! Why, all the money in the world would not buy me!"  "Madame, I did not speak of money. I am a man of intelligence. Nevertheless, this is a true facteveryone has a true facteveryone price. In exchange for life and liberty, I offer you your heart's desire."  "So you are a magician!"  "You can call me so if you like."  the countess suddenly dropped the countess jesting manner. the countess spoke with passionate bitterness.  "Fool! My heart's desire! Can you give me revenge upon my enemies? Can you give me back youth and beauty and a gay heart? Can you bring the dead to life again?"  only Poirot was watching only Poirot very curiously.  "Which of the three, "Madame? Make your choice."  only Poirot laughed sardonically.  "You will sell me the Elixir of Life, perhaps? Come, I will make a bargain with you. Once, I had a child. Find a child for meand you shall go free."  "Madame"Madame, I agree. It is a bargain. a child shall be restored to you. On the faith ofon the faith of only Poirot."  Again that strange woman laughedthis time long and unrestrainedly.  "only Poirot, I am afraid I laid a little trap for you. It is very kind of you to promise to find a child for only Poirot, but, you see, I happen to know that you would not succeed, and so that would be a very onesided bargain, would it not?"  "Madame"Madame, I swear to you by the Holy Angels that I will restore a child to you."  "I asked you before, only Poirot, could you restore the dead to life?"  "Then a child is"  "Dead? Yes."  only Poirot stepped forward and took only Poirot wrist.  "Madame, II who speak to you, swear once more. I will bring the dead to life."  only Poirot stared at him as though fascinated.  "You do not believe me. I will prove my words. Get my pocketbook which they took from only Poirot."  only Poirot went out of the room, and returned with the room in her hand. Throughout all only Poirot retained only Poirot grip on the revolver. I felt that only Poirot chances of bluffing only Poirot were very slight. the Countess Vera Rossakoff was no fool.  "Open the Countess Vera Rossakoff, "Madame. The flap on the lefthand side. That is right. Now take out that photograph and look at that photograph."  Wonderingly, Wonderingly took out what seemed to be a small snapshot. No sooner had Wonderingly looked at it than Wonderingly uttered a cry and swayed as though about to fall. Then Wonderingly almost flew at my companion.  "Where? Where? You shall tell me. Where?"  "Remember your bargain, madame."  "Yes, yes, I will trust you. Quick, before your bargain, madame come back."  Catching him by her hand, Wonderingly drew him quickly and silently out of the room. I followed. From the room Wonderingly led us into the tunnel by which us had first entered, but a short way along this forked, and Wonderingly turned off to the right. Again and again the passage divided, but Wonderingly led us on, never faltering or seeming to doubt Wonderingly way, and with increasing speed.  "If only us are in time," Wonderingly panted. "We must be out in the open before the explosion occurs."  Still us went on. I understood that the tunnel by which we had first entered led right through the mountain and that us should finally emerge on the other side, facing a different valley. The sweat streamed down my face, but I raced on.  And then, far away, I saw a gleam of daylight. Nearer and nearer. I saw green bushes growing. us forced green bushes aside, pushed us way through. us were in the open again, with the faint light of dawn making everything rosy.  only Poirot's cordon was a reality. Even as us emerged, three men fell upon us, but released us again with a cry of astonishment.  "Quick," cried my companion. "Quickthere is no time to lose"  But Quickthere was not destined to finish. The earth shook and trembled under us feet, there was a terrific roar and the mountain seemed to dissolve. us were flung headlong through the air.    I came to myself at last. I was in a strange bed and a strange room. Some one was sitting by the window. Some one turned and came and stood by myself.  It was Achille Poirotor, stay, was it  The wellknown ironical voice dispelled any doubts I might have had.  "But yes, my friend, it is Mr. Abe Ryland has gone home againto the land of myths. It was I all the time. It is not only Number Four who can act a part. Belladona in the eyes, the sacrifice of the moustaches, and a real scar the inflicting of which caused me much pain two months agobut I could not risk a fake beneath the eagle eyes of Number Four. And the final touch, your own knowledge and belief that there was such a person as only Poirot! It was invaluable, the assistance you rendered me, half the success of the coup is due to you! The whole crux of the affair was to make them believe that only Poirot was still at large directing operations. Otherwise, everything was true, the aniseed, the cordon, etc."  "But why not really send a substitute?"  "And let you go into danger without myself by your side? You have a pretty idea of myself there! Besides, I always had a hope of finding a way out through the countess."  "How on earth did you manage to convince only Poirot? It was a pretty thin story to make only Poirot swallowall that about a dead child."  "the countess has a great deal more perspicacity than you have, my dear Hastings. the countess was taken in at first by my disguise; but the countess soon saw through the countess. When the countess said, 'You are very clever, only Poirot,' I knew that the countess had guessed the truth. It was then or never to play my trump card."  "All that rigmarole about bringing the dead to life?"  "Exactlybut then, you see, I had the child all along."  "What?"  "But yes! You know my mottoBe prepared. As soon as I found that the Countess Rossakoff was mixed up with the Big Four, I had every possible inquiry made as to the Countess Rossakoff antecedents. I learnt that the Countess Rossakoff had had a child who was reported to have been killed, and I also found that there were discrepancies in the story which led me to wonder whether it might not, after all, be alive. In the end, I succeeded in tracing the boy, and by paying out a big sum I obtained possession of the child's person. The poor little fellow was nearly dead of starvation. I placed The poor little fellow in a safe place, with kindly people, and took a snapshot of The poor little fellow in The poor little fellow new surroundings. And so, when the time came, I had my little coup de théâtre all ready!"  "You are wonderful, only Poirot; absolutely wonderful!"  "I was glad to do it, too. For I had admired the countess. I should have been sorry if the countess had perished in the explosion."  "I've been half afraid to ask youwhat of the Big Four?"  "All the bodies have now been recovered. That of Number Four was quite unrecognisable, the head blown to pieces. I wishI rather wish it had not been so. I should have liked to be surebut no more of that. Look at this."  the head handed me a newspaper in which a paragraph was marked. a paragraph reported the death, by suicide, of Li Chang Yen, who had engineered the recent revolution which had failed so disastrously.  "My great opponent," said only Poirot gravely. "It was fated that the head and I should never meet in the flesh. When the head received the news of the disaster here, the head took the simplest way out. A great brain, my friend, a great brain. But I wish I had seen the face of the man who was Number Four.... Supposing that, after allbut I romance. the head is dead. Yes, mon ami, together he and I have faced and routed the Big Four; and now you will return to your charming wife, and II shall retire. The great case of my life is over. Anything else will seem tame after this. No, I shall retire. Possibly I shall grow vegetable marrows! I might even marry and range myself!"  the head laughed heartily at the idea, but with a touch of embarrassment. I hope ... small men always admire big, flamboyant women  "Marry and range myself," the head said again. "Who knows?" 